head	1.1;
branch	1.1.1;
access;
symbols
	OPENBSD_6_0:1.1.1.1.0.4
	OPENBSD_6_0_BASE:1.1.1.1
	OPENBSD_5_9:1.1.1.1.0.2
	OPENBSD_5_9_BASE:1.1.1.1
	feinerer_2016-Jan-06:1.1.1.1
	feinerer:1.1.1;
locks; strict;
comment	@# @;


1.1
date	2016.01.06.17.53.37;	author feinerer;	state Exp;
branches
	1.1.1.1;
next	;
commitid	U7am6U9NFYkwV2m5;

1.1.1.1
date	2016.01.06.17.53.37;	author feinerer;	state Exp;
branches;
next	;
commitid	U7am6U9NFYkwV2m5;


desc
@@



1.1
log
@Initial revision
@
text
@This is a Perl script that extracts URLs from correctly-encoded MIME email
messages. This can be used either as a pre-parser for urlview, or to replace
urlview entirely.

Urlview is a great program, but has some deficiencies. In particular, it isn't
particularly configurable, and cannot handle URLs that have been broken over
several lines in format=flowed delsp=yes email messages. Nor can it handle
quoted-printable email messages. Also, urlview doesn't eliminate duplicate
URLs. This Perl script handles all of that. It also sanitizes URLs so that
they can't break out of the command shell.

This is designed primarily for use with the mutt emailer. The idea is that if
you want to access a URL in an email, you pipe the email to a URL extractor
(like this one) which then lets you select a URL to view in some third program
(such as Firefox).
@


1.1.1.1
log
@Import extract_url 1.6

This is a Perl script that extracts URLs from correctly-encoded MIME email
messages. This can be used either as a pre-parser for urlview, or to replace
urlview entirely.

Urlview is a great program, but has some deficiencies. In particular, it isn't
particularly configurable, and cannot handle URLs that have been broken over
several lines in format=flowed delsp=yes email messages. Nor can it handle
quoted-printable email messages. Also, urlview doesn't eliminate duplicate
URLs. This Perl script handles all of that. It also sanitizes URLs so that
they can't break out of the command shell.

This is designed primarily for use with the mutt emailer. The idea is that if
you want to access a URL in an email, you pipe the email to a URL extractor
(like this one) which then lets you select a URL to view in some third program
(such as Firefox).

OK sthen@@, tb@@
@
text
@@
