head	1.3;
access;
symbols
	OPENBSD_6_1:1.3.0.10
	OPENBSD_6_1_BASE:1.3
	OPENBSD_6_0:1.3.0.8
	OPENBSD_6_0_BASE:1.3
	OPENBSD_5_9:1.3.0.6
	OPENBSD_5_9_BASE:1.3
	OPENBSD_5_8:1.3.0.4
	OPENBSD_5_8_BASE:1.3
	OPENBSD_5_7:1.3.0.2
	OPENBSD_5_7_BASE:1.3
	OPENBSD_5_6:1.2.0.10
	OPENBSD_5_6_BASE:1.2
	OPENBSD_5_5:1.2.0.8
	OPENBSD_5_5_BASE:1.2
	OPENBSD_5_4:1.2.0.6
	OPENBSD_5_4_BASE:1.2
	OPENBSD_5_3:1.2.0.4
	OPENBSD_5_3_BASE:1.2
	OPENBSD_5_2:1.2.0.2
	OPENBSD_5_2_BASE:1.2
	OPENBSD_5_1_BASE:1.1.1.1
	OPENBSD_5_1:1.1.1.1.0.12
	OPENBSD_5_0:1.1.1.1.0.10
	OPENBSD_5_0_BASE:1.1.1.1
	OPENBSD_4_9:1.1.1.1.0.6
	OPENBSD_4_9_BASE:1.1.1.1
	OPENBSD_4_8:1.1.1.1.0.8
	OPENBSD_4_8_BASE:1.1.1.1
	OPENBSD_4_7:1.1.1.1.0.4
	OPENBSD_4_7_BASE:1.1.1.1
	OPENBSD_4_6:1.1.1.1.0.2
	OPENBSD_4_6_BASE:1.1.1.1
	v1_6:1.1.1.1
	XKEYBOARD_CONFIG:1.1.1;
locks; strict;
comment	@# @;


1.3
date	2014.12.28.16.41.04;	author shadchin;	state Exp;
branches;
next	1.2;
commitid	8s0YnAPxNa8F1PQg;

1.2
date	2012.06.10.16.30.14;	author shadchin;	state Exp;
branches;
next	1.1;

1.1
date	2009.06.06.17.52.25;	author matthieu;	state Exp;
branches
	1.1.1.1;
next	;

1.1.1.1
date	2009.06.06.17.52.25;	author matthieu;	state Exp;
branches;
next	;


desc
@@


1.3
log
@Update to xkeyboard-config 2.13.

ok matthieu@@
@
text
@1 Notes on the Free Translation Project
***************************************

Free software is going international!  The Free Translation Project is
a way to get maintainers of free software, translators, and users all
together, so that free software will gradually become able to speak many
languages.  A few packages already provide translations for their
messages.

   If you found this `ABOUT-NLS' file inside a distribution, you may
assume that the distributed package does use GNU `gettext' internally,
itself available at your nearest GNU archive site.  But you do _not_
need to install GNU `gettext' prior to configuring, installing or using
this package with messages translated.

   Installers will find here some useful hints.  These notes also
explain how users should proceed for getting the programs to use the
available translations.  They tell how people wanting to contribute and
work on translations can contact the appropriate team.

   When reporting bugs in the `intl/' directory or bugs which may be
related to internationalization, you should tell about the version of
`gettext' which is used.  The information can be found in the
`intl/VERSION' file, in internationalized packages.

1.1 Quick configuration advice
==============================

If you want to exploit the full power of internationalization, you
should configure it using

     ./configure --with-included-gettext

to force usage of internationalizing routines provided within this
package, despite the existence of internationalizing capabilities in the
operating system where this package is being installed.  So far, only
the `gettext' implementation in the GNU C library version 2 provides as
many features (such as locale alias, message inheritance, automatic
charset conversion or plural form handling) as the implementation here.
It is also not possible to offer this additional functionality on top
of a `catgets' implementation.  Future versions of GNU `gettext' will
very likely convey even more functionality.  So it might be a good idea
to change to GNU `gettext' as soon as possible.

   So you need _not_ provide this option if you are using GNU libc 2 or
you have installed a recent copy of the GNU gettext package with the
included `libintl'.

1.2 INSTALL Matters
===================

Some packages are "localizable" when properly installed; the programs
they contain can be made to speak your own native language.  Most such
packages use GNU `gettext'.  Other packages have their own ways to
internationalization, predating GNU `gettext'.

   By default, this package will be installed to allow translation of
messages.  It will automatically detect whether the system already
provides the GNU `gettext' functions.  If not, the included GNU
`gettext' library will be used.  This library is wholly contained
within this package, usually in the `intl/' subdirectory, so prior
installation of the GNU `gettext' package is _not_ required.
Installers may use special options at configuration time for changing
the default behaviour.  The commands:

     ./configure --with-included-gettext
     ./configure --disable-nls

will, respectively, bypass any pre-existing `gettext' to use the
internationalizing routines provided within this package, or else,
_totally_ disable translation of messages.

   When you already have GNU `gettext' installed on your system and run
configure without an option for your new package, `configure' will
probably detect the previously built and installed `libintl.a' file and
will decide to use this.  This might not be desirable.  You should use
the more recent version of the GNU `gettext' library.  I.e. if the file
`intl/VERSION' shows that the library which comes with this package is
more recent, you should use

     ./configure --with-included-gettext

to prevent auto-detection.

   The configuration process will not test for the `catgets' function
and therefore it will not be used.  The reason is that even an
emulation of `gettext' on top of `catgets' could not provide all the
extensions of the GNU `gettext' library.

   Internationalized packages usually have many `po/LL.po' files, where
LL gives an ISO 639 two-letter code identifying the language.  Unless
translations have been forbidden at `configure' time by using the
`--disable-nls' switch, all available translations are installed
together with the package.  However, the environment variable `LINGUAS'
may be set, prior to configuration, to limit the installed set.
`LINGUAS' should then contain a space separated list of two-letter
codes, stating which languages are allowed.

1.3 Using This Package
======================

As a user, if your language has been installed for this package, you
only have to set the `LANG' environment variable to the appropriate
`LL_CC' combination.  If you happen to have the `LC_ALL' or some other
`LC_xxx' environment variables set, you should unset them before
setting `LANG', otherwise the setting of `LANG' will not have the
desired effect.  Here `LL' is an ISO 639 two-letter language code, and
`CC' is an ISO 3166 two-letter country code.  For example, let's
suppose that you speak German and live in Germany.  At the shell
prompt, merely execute `setenv LANG de_DE' (in `csh'),
`export LANG; LANG=de_DE' (in `sh') or `export LANG=de_DE' (in `bash').
This can be done from your `.login' or `.profile' file, once and for
all.

   You might think that the country code specification is redundant.
But in fact, some languages have dialects in different countries.  For
example, `de_AT' is used for Austria, and `pt_BR' for Brazil.  The
country code serves to distinguish the dialects.

   The locale naming convention of `LL_CC', with `LL' denoting the
language and `CC' denoting the country, is the one use on systems based
on GNU libc.  On other systems, some variations of this scheme are
used, such as `LL' or `LL_CC.ENCODING'.  You can get the list of
locales supported by your system for your language by running the
command `locale -a | grep '^LL''.

   Not all programs have translations for all languages.  By default, an
English message is shown in place of a nonexistent translation.  If you
understand other languages, you can set up a priority list of languages.
This is done through a different environment variable, called
`LANGUAGE'.  GNU `gettext' gives preference to `LANGUAGE' over `LANG'
for the purpose of message handling, but you still need to have `LANG'
set to the primary language; this is required by other parts of the
system libraries.  For example, some Swedish users who would rather
read translations in German than English for when Swedish is not
available, set `LANGUAGE' to `sv:de' while leaving `LANG' to `sv_SE'.

   Special advice for Norwegian users: The language code for Norwegian
bokma*l changed from `no' to `nb' recently (in 2003).  During the
transition period, while some message catalogs for this language are
installed under `nb' and some older ones under `no', it's recommended
for Norwegian users to set `LANGUAGE' to `nb:no' so that both newer and
older translations are used.

   In the `LANGUAGE' environment variable, but not in the `LANG'
environment variable, `LL_CC' combinations can be abbreviated as `LL'
to denote the language's main dialect.  For example, `de' is equivalent
to `de_DE' (German as spoken in Germany), and `pt' to `pt_PT'
(Portuguese as spoken in Portugal) in this context.

1.4 Translating Teams
=====================

For the Free Translation Project to be a success, we need interested
people who like their own language and write it well, and who are also
able to synergize with other translators speaking the same language.
Each translation team has its own mailing list.  The up-to-date list of
teams can be found at the Free Translation Project's homepage,
`http://translationproject.org/', in the "Teams" area.

   If you'd like to volunteer to _work_ at translating messages, you
should become a member of the translating team for your own language.
The subscribing address is _not_ the same as the list itself, it has
`-request' appended.  For example, speakers of Swedish can send a
message to `sv-request@@li.org', having this message body:

     subscribe

   Keep in mind that team members are expected to participate
_actively_ in translations, or at solving translational difficulties,
rather than merely lurking around.  If your team does not exist yet and
you want to start one, or if you are unsure about what to do or how to
get started, please write to `coordinator@@translationproject.org' to
reach the coordinator for all translator teams.

   The English team is special.  It works at improving and uniformizing
the terminology in use.  Proven linguistic skills are praised more than
programming skills, here.

1.5 Available Packages
======================

Languages are not equally supported in all packages.  The following
matrix shows the current state of internationalization, as of November
2007.  The matrix shows, in regard of each package, for which languages
PO files have been submitted to translation coordination, with a
translation percentage of at least 50%.

     Ready PO files       af am ar az be bg bs ca cs cy da de el en en_GB eo
                        +----------------------------------------------------+
     Compendium         |                      []       [] []        []      |
     a2ps               |             []                [] [] []     []      |
     aegis              |                                  ()                |
     ant-phone          |                                  ()                |
     anubis             |                                  []                |
     ap-utils           |                                                    |
     aspell             |                      [] []    [] []        []      |
     bash               |                                                 [] |
     bfd                |                                                    |
     bibshelf           |                                  []                |
     binutils           |                                                    |
     bison              |                               [] []                |
     bison-runtime      |                                  []                |
     bluez-pin          | []                      []       [] []          [] |
     cflow              |                               []                   |
     clisp              |                               [] []    []          |
     console-tools      |                         []       []                |
     coreutils          |                []    [] []       []                |
     cpio               |                                                    |
     cpplib             |                      []       [] []                |
     cryptonit          |                                  []                |
     dialog             |                                                    |
     diffutils          |                      [] []    [] [] []          [] |
     doodle             |                                  []                |
     e2fsprogs          |                         []       []                |
     enscript           |                      []       [] []        []      |
     fetchmail          |                      []       [] () []     []      |
     findutils          |                []                                  |
     findutils_stable   |                []    []       []                   |
     flex               |                      []       [] []                |
     fslint             |                                                    |
     gas                |                                                    |
     gawk               |                      []       [] []                |
     gcal               |                      []                            |
     gcc                |                                  []                |
     gettext-examples   | []                   []          [] []          [] |
     gettext-runtime    |             []       []       [] []             [] |
     gettext-tools      |                      []          []                |
     gip                |                []                                  |
     gliv               |                []                []                |
     glunarclock        |                []                                  |
     gmult              | []                               []                |
     gnubiff            |                                  ()                |
     gnucash            |                      [] []       () ()     []      |
     gnuedu             |                                                    |
     gnulib             |                []                                  |
     gnunet             |                                                    |
     gnunet-gtk         |                                                    |
     gnutls             |                                  []                |
     gpe-aerial         |                         []       []                |
     gpe-beam           |                         []       []                |
     gpe-calendar       |                                                    |
     gpe-clock          |                         []       []                |
     gpe-conf           |                         []       []                |
     gpe-contacts       |                                                    |
     gpe-edit           |                         []                         |
     gpe-filemanager    |                                                    |
     gpe-go             |                         []                         |
     gpe-login          |                         []       []                |
     gpe-ownerinfo      |                         []       []                |
     gpe-package        |                                                    |
     gpe-sketchbook     |                         []       []                |
     gpe-su             |                         []       []                |
     gpe-taskmanager    |                         []       []                |
     gpe-timesheet      |                         []                         |
     gpe-today          |                         []       []                |
     gpe-todo           |                                                    |
     gphoto2            |                         []    [] []        []      |
     gprof              |                               [] []                |
     gpsdrive           |                                                    |
     gramadoir          | []                               []                |
     grep               |                         []                      [] |
     gretl              |                                  ()                |
     gsasl              |                                                    |
     gss                |                                                    |
     gst-plugins-bad    |                []             []                   |
     gst-plugins-base   |                []             []                   |
     gst-plugins-good   |                []    []       []                   |
     gst-plugins-ugly   |                []             []                   |
     gstreamer          | []             []    [] []    [] []        []      |
     gtick              |                                  ()                |
     gtkam              |             []          []    [] []                |
     gtkorphan          |                []                []                |
     gtkspell           |             []                   [] []          [] |
     gutenprint         |                               []                   |
     hello              |                []    []       [] []             [] |
     herrie             |                                  []                |
     hylafax            |                                                    |
     idutils            |                               [] []                |
     indent             |                      [] []       []             [] |
     iso_15924          |                                                    |
     iso_3166           |       []    [] [] [] [] [] [] [] [] []          [] |
     iso_3166_2         |                                                    |
     iso_4217           |                         []    [] []                |
     iso_639            |                         []    [] []             [] |
     jpilot             |                         []                         |
     jtag               |                                                    |
     jwhois             |                                                    |
     kbd                |                         []    [] [] []             |
     keytouch           |                      []          []                |
     keytouch-editor    |                                  []                |
     keytouch-keyboa... |                      []                            |
     latrine            |                                  ()                |
     ld                 |                               []                   |
     leafpad            |                []    [] []       [] []             |
     libc               |                      [] []    [] []                |
     libexif            |                                  []                |
     libextractor       |                                  []                |
     libgpewidget       |                         []    [] []                |
     libgpg-error       |                                  []                |
     libgphoto2         |                               [] []                |
     libgphoto2_port    |                               [] []                |
     libgsasl           |                                                    |
     libiconv           |                                  []             [] |
     libidn             |                         []    []                [] |
     lifelines          |                               [] ()                |
     lilypond           |                                  []                |
     lingoteach         |                                                    |
     lprng              |                                                    |
     lynx               |                      [] []    [] []                |
     m4                 |                         []    [] [] []             |
     mailfromd          |                                                    |
     mailutils          |                      []                            |
     make               |                               [] []                |
     man-db             |                      []       [] []                |
     minicom            |                         []    [] []                |
     nano               |                []    []          []                |
     opcodes            |                                  []                |
     parted             |                         []       []                |
     pilot-qof          |                                                    |
     popt               |                         []    [] []                |
     psmisc             |                []                                  |
     pwdutils           |                                                    |
     qof                |                                                    |
     radius             |                      []                            |
     recode             |             []       []       [] [] []          [] |
     rpm                |                               []                   |
     screem             |                                                    |
     scrollkeeper       |          [] []       [] [] [] [] []        []      |
     sed                |                      []          []             [] |
     shared-mime-info   |                []    [] []    [] () []     []   [] |
     sharutils          |                []    [] []    [] [] []             |
     shishi             |                                                    |
     skencil            |                               [] ()                |
     solfege            |                                                    |
     soundtracker       |                               [] []                |
     sp                 |                                  []                |
     system-tools-ba... |       []       [] [] [] []    [] [] []     []      |
     tar                |                []                []                |
     texinfo            |                               [] []             [] |
     tin                |                                  ()        ()      |
     tuxpaint           | []             []             [] []        []   [] |
     unicode-han-tra... |                                                    |
     unicode-transla... |                                                    |
     util-linux         |                      [] []    [] []                |
     util-linux-ng      |                      [] []    [] []                |
     vorbis-tools       |                         []                         |
     wastesedge         |                                  ()                |
     wdiff              |                      []       [] []        []      |
     wget               |                      [] []       []                |
     xchat              |             [] []    [] []       [] []     []      |
     xkeyboard-config   |                []                                  |
     xpad               |                []             []           []      |
                        +----------------------------------------------------+
                          af am ar az be bg bs ca cs cy da de el en en_GB eo
                           6  0  2  1  8 26  2 40 48  2 56 88 15  1  15   18

                          es et eu fa fi fr  ga gl gu he hi hr hu id is it
                        +--------------------------------------------------+
     Compendium         | []          [] []  []                []          |
     a2ps               |    []       [] []                             () |
     aegis              |                                                  |
     ant-phone          |                []                                |
     anubis             |                []                                |
     ap-utils           |             [] []                                |
     aspell             |                []  []                         [] |
     bash               | []                                               |
     bfd                | []          []                                   |
     bibshelf           | []                 []                         [] |
     binutils           | []          [] []                                |
     bison              | [] []          []  []                   []    [] |
     bison-runtime      |    []          []  []                   []    [] |
     bluez-pin          |             [] []  []                [] []       |
     cflow              |                    []                            |
     clisp              | []             []                                |
     console-tools      |                                                  |
     coreutils          | [] []       [] []  []                []          |
     cpio               | []             []  []                            |
     cpplib             | []             []                                |
     cryptonit          |                []                                |
     dialog             |       []           []                         [] |
     diffutils          | []          [] []  [] []    []       [] []    [] |
     doodle             |                    []                         [] |
     e2fsprogs          | []             []                             [] |
     enscript           |                []  []             []             |
     fetchmail          | []                                               |
     findutils          |    []              []                []          |
     findutils_stable   |    []          []  []                []          |
     flex               | []             []  []                            |
     fslint             |                                                  |
     gas                | []             []                                |
     gawk               | []             []  []       []                () |
     gcal               | []             []                                |
     gcc                | []                                               |
     gettext-examples   | []          [] []  []                [] []    [] |
     gettext-runtime    | []          [] []  []                   []    [] |
     gettext-tools      | []    []       []                             [] |
     gip                | []    []       []  []                            |
     gliv               |                ()                                |
     glunarclock        |             []     []                []          |
     gmult              |       []       []                             [] |
     gnubiff            |                ()                             () |
     gnucash            | ()             ()                    ()          |
     gnuedu             | []                                               |
     gnulib             | [] []              []                            |
     gnunet             |                                                  |
     gnunet-gtk         |                                                  |
     gnutls             |                                                  |
     gpe-aerial         | []             []                                |
     gpe-beam           | []             []                                |
     gpe-calendar       |                                                  |
     gpe-clock          | []          [] []                    []          |
     gpe-conf           |                []                                |
     gpe-contacts       | []             []                                |
     gpe-edit           | []             []                    [] []       |
     gpe-filemanager    | []                                               |
     gpe-go             | []             []                    []          |
     gpe-login          | []             []                    []          |
     gpe-ownerinfo      | []          [] []                    [] []       |
     gpe-package        | []                                               |
     gpe-sketchbook     | []             []                                |
     gpe-su             | []          [] []                    []          |
     gpe-taskmanager    | []          [] []                                |
     gpe-timesheet      | []             []  []                   []       |
     gpe-today          | []          [] []  []                            |
     gpe-todo           | []                                               |
     gphoto2            | []          [] []                    []       [] |
     gprof              | []          [] []  []                   []       |
     gpsdrive           |    []                                            |
     gramadoir          |                []  []                            |
     grep               | []          []     []                            |
     gretl              | []    []       []                             () |
     gsasl              |                    []                   []       |
     gss                |                []  []                            |
     gst-plugins-bad    | []          []                       []       [] |
     gst-plugins-base   | []          []                       []       [] |
     gst-plugins-good   | []    []    []                       []       [] |
     gst-plugins-ugly   | []          []                       []       [] |
     gstreamer          |             []                       []       [] |
     gtick              |             []     []                         [] |
     gtkam              | []             []                    []       [] |
     gtkorphan          |                []                             [] |
     gtkspell           | []    []    [] []  []                []       [] |
     gutenprint         |                                      []          |
     hello              | [] [] [] [] [] []  [] []    []    [] [] []    [] |
     herrie             |                    []                            |
     hylafax            |                                                  |
     idutils            |                []  []                [] []    [] |
     indent             | [] [] []    [] []  [] []             [] []    [] |
     iso_15924          |                []                                |
     iso_3166           | [] [] []    [] []     [] [] [] [] [] [] []    [] |
     iso_3166_2         |                []                                |
     iso_4217           | [] []       [] []                    []       [] |
     iso_639            | []       [] [] []  []                []          |
     jpilot             | []             []                                |
     jtag               |                []                                |
     jwhois             | []             []                    [] []    [] |
     kbd                | []             []                                |
     keytouch           |                []  []                         [] |
     keytouch-editor    |                    []                            |
     keytouch-keyboa... |                    []                         [] |
     latrine            |                    []                         [] |
     ld                 | []          [] []  []                            |
     leafpad            | []             []  []       []       []       [] |
     libc               | []          [] []     []             []          |
     libexif            | []                                               |
     libextractor       |                    []                            |
     libgpewidget       | []             []  []                [] []       |
     libgpg-error       |                []                                |
     libgphoto2         | []             []                             [] |
     libgphoto2_port    |                []                             [] |
     libgsasl           |                []  []                            |
     libiconv           |    []       []     []                            |
     libidn             |                []                             [] |
     lifelines          |                ()                                |
     lilypond           | []          [] []                                |
     lingoteach         |                []                       []    [] |
     lprng              |                                                  |
     lynx               |    []                                []       [] |
     m4                 |                []  [] []                []       |
     mailfromd          |                                                  |
     mailutils          | []             []                                |
     make               | []          [] []  [] []    []    []    []       |
     man-db             |                                               [] |
     minicom            | []          [] []                    []          |
     nano               | []    []       []  [] []             []       [] |
     opcodes            | []          [] []  []                            |
     parted             |                []                       []    [] |
     pilot-qof          |                                                  |
     popt               |                []  [] []                   []    |
     psmisc             |                                      []       [] |
     pwdutils           |                                                  |
     qof                |                                         []       |
     radius             | []             []                                |
     recode             | []             []  [] []    []       [] []    [] |
     rpm                |                []                       []       |
     screem             |                                                  |
     scrollkeeper       | []          []                       []          |
     sed                | [] []          []  []                []          |
     shared-mime-info   | []    []    [] []                    []       [] |
     sharutils          | [] []       [] []  [] []             []       [] |
     shishi             |                []                                |
     skencil            | []             []                                |
     solfege            |                                               [] |
     soundtracker       | []             []                             [] |
     sp                 |                []                                |
     system-tools-ba... | []    []    [] []  []             [] [] []    [] |
     tar                |    [] []    []     []                []          |
     texinfo            |                []           []       []          |
     tin                |    []          ()                                |
     tuxpaint           |                    []                []          |
     unicode-han-tra... |                                                  |
     unicode-transla... |                []  []                            |
     util-linux         | [] []       [] []                    [] []    [] |
     util-linux-ng      | [] []       [] []                    [] []    [] |
     vorbis-tools       |                                                  |
     wastesedge         |                ()                                |
     wdiff              | [] []          []  [] []             [] []    [] |
     wget               |    []       [] []  []             [] [] []    [] |
     xchat              | []          [] []        []    []    []       [] |
     xkeyboard-config   | []          [] []                    []          |
     xpad               | []                 []                []          |
                        +--------------------------------------------------+
                          es et eu fa fi fr  ga gl gu he hi hr hu id is it
                          85 22 14  2 48 101 61 12  2  8  2  6 53 29  1 52

                          ja ka ko ku ky lg lt lv mk mn ms mt nb ne nl  nn
                        +--------------------------------------------------+
     Compendium         |                                           []     |
     a2ps               |       ()                      []          []     |
     aegis              |                                           ()     |
     ant-phone          |                                           []     |
     anubis             |                               []    []    []     |
     ap-utils           |                               []                 |
     aspell             |                            []             []     |
     bash               |                                           []     |
     bfd                |                                                  |
     bibshelf           |                               []                 |
     binutils           |                                                  |
     bison              |                               []    []    []     |
     bison-runtime      |                               []    []    []     |
     bluez-pin          |          []                   []          []     |
     cflow              |                                                  |
     clisp              |                                           []     |
     console-tools      |                                                  |
     coreutils          |                                           []     |
     cpio               |                                           []     |
     cpplib             |                                           []     |
     cryptonit          |                                           []     |
     dialog             |                               []          []     |
     diffutils          | []                            []          []     |
     doodle             |                                                  |
     e2fsprogs          |                                           []     |
     enscript           |                                           []     |
     fetchmail          | []                                        []     |
     findutils          |                                           []     |
     findutils_stable   |                                           []     |
     flex               |       []                                  []     |
     fslint             |                                                  |
     gas                |                                                  |
     gawk               | []                                        []     |
     gcal               |                                                  |
     gcc                |                                                  |
     gettext-examples   | []                            []          []     |
     gettext-runtime    | []    []                                  []     |
     gettext-tools      | []    []                                         |
     gip                |                               []          []     |
     gliv               |                                           []     |
     glunarclock        |                               []          []     |
     gmult              | []                            []          []     |
     gnubiff            |                                                  |
     gnucash            | ()                                  () ()        |
     gnuedu             |                                                  |
     gnulib             | []                                        []     |
     gnunet             |                                                  |
     gnunet-gtk         |                                                  |
     gnutls             |                               []                 |
     gpe-aerial         |                                           []     |
     gpe-beam           |                                           []     |
     gpe-calendar       | []                                               |
     gpe-clock          | []    []                                  []     |
     gpe-conf           | []    []                                  []     |
     gpe-contacts       |       []                                         |
     gpe-edit           | []    []                                  []     |
     gpe-filemanager    | []    []                                         |
     gpe-go             | []    []                                  []     |
     gpe-login          | []    []                                  []     |
     gpe-ownerinfo      | []                                        []     |
     gpe-package        | []    []                                         |
     gpe-sketchbook     |       []                                  []     |
     gpe-su             | []    []                                  []     |
     gpe-taskmanager    | []    [] []                               []     |
     gpe-timesheet      |                                           []     |
     gpe-today          | []                                        []     |
     gpe-todo           | []                                               |
     gphoto2            | []                                        []     |
     gprof              |                               []                 |
     gpsdrive           |                                           []     |
     gramadoir          |                                           ()     |
     grep               |             []                            []     |
     gretl              |                                                  |
     gsasl              |                                           []     |
     gss                |                                                  |
     gst-plugins-bad    |                                           []     |
     gst-plugins-base   |                                           []     |
     gst-plugins-good   |                                           []     |
     gst-plugins-ugly   |                                           []     |
     gstreamer          |                                           []     |
     gtick              |                                           []     |
     gtkam              | []                                        []     |
     gtkorphan          |                                           []     |
     gtkspell           |                            []             []     |
     gutenprint         |                                           []     |
     hello              | [] [] []                      []    []    []  [] |
     herrie             |                                           []     |
     hylafax            |                                                  |
     idutils            |                                           []     |
     indent             | []                                        []     |
     iso_15924          |                                           []     |
     iso_3166           | []    [] []       []    []          []    []  [] |
     iso_3166_2         |                                           []     |
     iso_4217           | []                []                      []     |
     iso_639            | []                []                      []  [] |
     jpilot             | ()                                        ()     |
     jtag               |                                                  |
     jwhois             |                                           []     |
     kbd                |                                           []     |
     keytouch           |                                           []     |
     keytouch-editor    |                                           []     |
     keytouch-keyboa... |                                                  |
     latrine            |                                           []     |
     ld                 |                                                  |
     leafpad            | []                []                             |
     libc               | []    []                                  []     |
     libexif            |                                                  |
     libextractor       |                                                  |
     libgpewidget       |                                           []     |
     libgpg-error       |                                                  |
     libgphoto2         | []                                               |
     libgphoto2_port    | []                                               |
     libgsasl           |                                           []     |
     libiconv           |                                           []     |
     libidn             | []                                        []     |
     lifelines          |                                           []     |
     lilypond           |                                           []     |
     lingoteach         |                                           []     |
     lprng              |                                                  |
     lynx               | []                                        []     |
     m4                 | []                                        []     |
     mailfromd          |                                                  |
     mailutils          |                                                  |
     make               | []    []                                  []     |
     man-db             |                                                  |
     minicom            | []                                               |
     nano               |                               []    []    []     |
     opcodes            |                                           []     |
     parted             | []                                        []     |
     pilot-qof          |                                                  |
     popt               | []    []                                  []     |
     psmisc             | []                                  []    []     |
     pwdutils           |                                                  |
     qof                |                                                  |
     radius             |                                                  |
     recode             |                                           []     |
     rpm                | []    []                                         |
     screem             | []                                               |
     scrollkeeper       |                                     [] [] []  [] |
     sed                | []                                        []     |
     shared-mime-info   | []    []          []          []    []    []  [] |
     sharutils          | []                                        []     |
     shishi             |                                                  |
     skencil            |                                                  |
     solfege            |                                     ()        () |
     soundtracker       |                                                  |
     sp                 | ()                                               |
     system-tools-ba... | []    []          []                      []     |
     tar                | []          []                            []     |
     texinfo            |                                     []    []     |
     tin                |                                                  |
     tuxpaint           |                                     ()    []  [] |
     unicode-han-tra... |                                                  |
     unicode-transla... |                                                  |
     util-linux         | []                                        []     |
     util-linux-ng      | []                                        []     |
     vorbis-tools       |                                                  |
     wastesedge         |                                           []     |
     wdiff              |                               []    []           |
     wget               | []                                        []     |
     xchat              | []    []                []                []     |
     xkeyboard-config   |    [] []                                  []     |
     xpad               |       []                      []          []     |
                        +--------------------------------------------------+
                          ja ka ko ku ky lg lt lv mk mn ms mt nb ne nl  nn
                          51  2 25  3  2  0  6  0  2  2 20  0 11  1 103  6

                          or pa pl pt pt_BR rm ro ru rw sk sl sq sr sv  ta
                        +--------------------------------------------------+
     Compendium         |          []  []      []       []          []     |
     a2ps               |       ()     []      [] []       []    [] []     |
     aegis              |                      () ()                       |
     ant-phone          |                      []                   []     |
     anubis             |       []             [] []                       |
     ap-utils           |       ()                                         |
     aspell             |                      [] []    []                 |
     bash               |       []                      []                 |
     bfd                |                                                  |
     bibshelf           |                                           []     |
     binutils           |                         []    []                 |
     bison              |       []     []      [] []                []     |
     bison-runtime      |       []     []      []          []       []     |
     bluez-pin          |       []     []   [] [] []    [] []    [] []     |
     cflow              |       []                                         |
     clisp              |                         []                       |
     console-tools      |                         []                       |
     coreutils          |       []                []       []       []     |
     cpio               |       []                []                []     |
     cpplib             |                                           []     |
     cryptonit          |              []                           []     |
     dialog             |                                           []     |
     diffutils          |       []     []      [] []             [] []     |
     doodle             |                                     []    []     |
     e2fsprogs          |       []                                  []     |
     enscript           |              []      [] []       []       []     |
     fetchmail          |       []                []          []           |
     findutils          |       [] []                               []     |
     findutils_stable   |       [] []          []       [] []       []     |
     flex               |       []     []      [] []                []     |
     fslint             |                                           []     |
     gas                |                                                  |
     gawk               |       []     []      []                   []     |
     gcal               |                                           []     |
     gcc                |                                        [] []     |
     gettext-examples   |       [] []          [] []    [] []    [] []     |
     gettext-runtime    |       [] []          [] []    [] []    [] []     |
     gettext-tools      |       []             [] []    [] []    [] []     |
     gip                |                   []          []       [] []     |
     gliv               |       []     []      [] []    []          []     |
     glunarclock        |              []      [] []    []       [] []     |
     gmult              |                   [] []                [] []     |
     gnubiff            |                      ()                   []     |
     gnucash            |       ()                                  []     |
     gnuedu             |                                                  |
     gnulib             |       []                         []       []     |
     gnunet             |                                                  |
     gnunet-gtk         |                                           []     |
     gnutls             |       []                                  []     |
     gpe-aerial         |          []  []      [] []       []    [] []     |
     gpe-beam           |          []  []      [] []       []    [] []     |
     gpe-calendar       |                         []       []    [] []     |
     gpe-clock          |          []  []      [] []    [] []    [] []     |
     gpe-conf           |          []  []      [] []    [] []       []     |
     gpe-contacts       |                      [] []       []    [] []     |
     gpe-edit           |       [] []  []      [] []    [] []    [] []     |
     gpe-filemanager    |                                  []       []     |
     gpe-go             |       []     []      [] []    [] []    [] []     |
     gpe-login          |          []  []      [] []    [] []    [] []     |
     gpe-ownerinfo      |          []  []      [] []    [] []    [] []     |
     gpe-package        |                                  []       []     |
     gpe-sketchbook     |          []  []      [] []    [] []    [] []     |
     gpe-su             |          []  []      [] []    [] []    [] []     |
     gpe-taskmanager    |          []  []      [] []    [] []    [] []     |
     gpe-timesheet      |          []  []      [] []    [] []    [] []     |
     gpe-today          |          []  []      [] []    [] []    [] []     |
     gpe-todo           |                         []       []    [] []     |
     gphoto2            |    [] []             []       []       [] []     |
     gprof              |              []      []                   []     |
     gpsdrive           |                         []                []     |
     gramadoir          |                               []          []     |
     grep               |       []                      [] []       []     |
     gretl              |       [] []  []                                  |
     gsasl              |       []                               [] []     |
     gss                |       []             []       []          []     |
     gst-plugins-bad    |       []     []                           []     |
     gst-plugins-base   |       []                                  []     |
     gst-plugins-good   |       []                                  []     |
     gst-plugins-ugly   |       []     []                           []     |
     gstreamer          |       []                            [] [] []     |
     gtick              |                         []                       |
     gtkam              |    [] []     []         []                []     |
     gtkorphan          |                                           []     |
     gtkspell           |              []   [] [] []    [] []    [] []     |
     gutenprint         |                                           []     |
     hello              |       []     []      [] []    [] []    [] []     |
     herrie             |       []                []                []     |
     hylafax            |                                                  |
     idutils            |       []     []      [] []                []     |
     indent             |       []     []      [] []    []       [] []     |
     iso_15924          |                                                  |
     iso_3166           |    [] [] []  []      [] [] [] [] [] [] [] []  [] |
     iso_3166_2         |                                                  |
     iso_4217           |       [] []             [] []    []    [] []     |
     iso_639            |       []                [] [] [] []    [] []     |
     jpilot             |                                                  |
     jtag               |                               []                 |
     jwhois             |       []     []      []                   []     |
     kbd                |       []             []                   []     |
     keytouch           |                                           []     |
     keytouch-editor    |                                           []     |
     keytouch-keyboa... |                                           []     |
     latrine            |                                                  |
     ld                 |                                           []     |
     leafpad            |       [] []             []    []          []  [] |
     libc               |       []                []    []          []     |
     libexif            |       []                      []                 |
     libextractor       |                      []                   []     |
     libgpewidget       |       [] []  []      []       [] []    [] []     |
     libgpg-error       |       []             []                   []     |
     libgphoto2         |       []                                         |
     libgphoto2_port    |       []                []                []     |
     libgsasl           |       []             []                [] []     |
     libiconv           |                                  []    [] []     |
     libidn             |       []                               [] ()     |
     lifelines          |       []                                  []     |
     lilypond           |                                                  |
     lingoteach         |              []                                  |
     lprng              |       []                                         |
     lynx               |              []         []                []     |
     m4                 |       []     []      [] []                []     |
     mailfromd          |       []                                         |
     mailutils          |       []                []                []     |
     make               |       []     []         []                []     |
     man-db             |       []             [] []                []     |
     minicom            |       []     []      [] []                []     |
     nano               |              []      [] []                []     |
     opcodes            |                      []                   []     |
     parted             |       []                                         |
     pilot-qof          |                                                  |
     popt               |       [] []             []                []     |
     psmisc             |       []                                  []     |
     pwdutils           |       []                                  []     |
     qof                |              []                           []     |
     radius             |       []                []                       |
     recode             |       [] []  []      [] []       []       []     |
     rpm                |       [] []             []                []     |
     screem             |                                                  |
     scrollkeeper       |       []             [] []    []    [] [] []     |
     sed                |       [] []  []      [] []    [] []    [] []     |
     shared-mime-info   |       [] []  []                     [] [] []     |
     sharutils          |       []                []             [] []     |
     shishi             |       []                                         |
     skencil            |          []  []                           []     |
     solfege            |              []                                  |
     soundtracker       |                               []          []     |
     sp                 |                                                  |
     system-tools-ba... |    [] [] []  []      []             [] [] []  [] |
     tar                |       []                []       []       []     |
     texinfo            |       []             [] []                []     |
     tin                |                         ()                       |
     tuxpaint           |       [] []                      [] [] [] []     |
     unicode-han-tra... |                                                  |
     unicode-transla... |                                                  |
     util-linux         |              []         []       []       []     |
     util-linux-ng      |              []         []       []       []     |
     vorbis-tools       |                         []                       |
     wastesedge         |                                                  |
     wdiff              |       []     []      [] []    [] []       []     |
     wget               |          []             []    []          []     |
     xchat              |    []                   []    [] [] [] [] []     |
     xkeyboard-config   |                               [] []       []     |
     xpad               |                               [] []       []     |
                        +--------------------------------------------------+
                          or pa pl pt pt_BR rm ro ru rw sk sl sq sr sv  ta
                           0  5 77 31  53    4 58 72  3 45 46  9 45 122  3

                          tg th tk tr uk ven vi  wa xh zh_CN zh_HK zh_TW zu
                        +---------------------------------------------------+
     Compendium         |          []        []         []          []      | 19
     a2ps               |          [] []     []                             | 19
     aegis              |                    []                             |  1
     ant-phone          |          []        []                             |  6
     anubis             |          [] []     []                             | 11
     ap-utils           |             ()     []                             |  4
     aspell             |             []     []  []                         | 16
     bash               |          []                                       |  6
     bfd                |                                                   |  2
     bibshelf           |                    []                             |  7
     binutils           |          [] []     []                     []      |  9
     bison              |          [] []     []                     []      | 20
     bison-runtime      |             []     []         []          []      | 18
     bluez-pin          |          [] []     []  []     []          []      | 28
     cflow              |             []     []                             |  5
     clisp              |                                                   |  9
     console-tools      |          []        []                             |  5
     coreutils          |          [] []     []                             | 18
     cpio               |          [] []     []         []                  | 11
     cpplib             |          [] []     []         []          []      | 12
     cryptonit          |                    []                             |  6
     dialog             |                    []  []     []                  |  9
     diffutils          |          [] []     []         []          []      | 29
     doodle             |                    []                             |  6
     e2fsprogs          |          []        []                             | 10
     enscript           |          [] []     []                             | 16
     fetchmail          |          []        []                             | 12
     findutils          |          [] []     []                             | 11
     findutils_stable   |          [] []     []                     []      | 18
     flex               |          []        []                             | 15
     fslint             |                    []                             |  2
     gas                |          []                                       |  3
     gawk               |          []        []         []                  | 16
     gcal               |          []                                       |  5
     gcc                |          []                   []          []      |  7
     gettext-examples   |          [] []     []         []    []    []      | 29
     gettext-runtime    |          [] []     []         []    []    []      | 28
     gettext-tools      |          [] []     []         []          []      | 20
     gip                |                    []                     []      | 13
     gliv               |          []        []                             | 11
     glunarclock        |                    []  []                 []      | 15
     gmult              |          []        []         []          []      | 16
     gnubiff            |                    []                             |  2
     gnucash            |          () []                                    |  5
     gnuedu             |                    []                             |  2
     gnulib             |                    []                             | 10
     gnunet             |                                                   |  0
     gnunet-gtk         |          []        []                             |  3
     gnutls             |                                                   |  4
     gpe-aerial         |                    []         []                  | 14
     gpe-beam           |                    []         []                  | 14
     gpe-calendar       |                    []  []                         |  7
     gpe-clock          |          []        []  []     []                  | 21
     gpe-conf           |                    []  []     []                  | 16
     gpe-contacts       |                    []         []                  | 10
     gpe-edit           |          []        []  []     []          []      | 22
     gpe-filemanager    |                    []  []                         |  7
     gpe-go             |          []        []  []     []                  | 19
     gpe-login          |          []        []  []     []          []      | 21
     gpe-ownerinfo      |          []        []         []          []      | 21
     gpe-package        |                    []                             |  6
     gpe-sketchbook     |          []        []                             | 16
     gpe-su             |          []        []  []     []                  | 21
     gpe-taskmanager    |          []        []  []     []                  | 21
     gpe-timesheet      |          []        []         []          []      | 18
     gpe-today          |          []        []  []     []          []      | 21
     gpe-todo           |                    []  []                         |  8
     gphoto2            |             []     []         []          []      | 21
     gprof              |          []        []                             | 13
     gpsdrive           |                    []                             |  5
     gramadoir          |                    []                             |  7
     grep               |                    []                             | 12
     gretl              |                                                   |  6
     gsasl              |                    []         []          []      |  9
     gss                |                    []                             |  7
     gst-plugins-bad    |             []     []         []                  | 13
     gst-plugins-base   |             []     []                             | 11
     gst-plugins-good   |             []     []         []    []    []      | 16
     gst-plugins-ugly   |             []     []         []                  | 13
     gstreamer          |          [] []     []                             | 18
     gtick              |             []     []                             |  7
     gtkam              |                    []                             | 16
     gtkorphan          |                    []                             |  7
     gtkspell           |             []     []  []     []    []    []      | 27
     gutenprint         |                                                   |  4
     hello              |          [] []     []         []          []      | 38
     herrie             |          []        []                             |  8
     hylafax            |                                                   |  0
     idutils            |          []        []                             | 15
     indent             |          [] []     []         []          []      | 28
     iso_15924          |                    []         []                  |  4
     iso_3166           |    [] [] [] []     []  []     []    []    []      | 54
     iso_3166_2         |                    []         []                  |  4
     iso_4217           |    []    []        []         []    []            | 24
     iso_639            |             []     []  []     []    []            | 26
     jpilot             |          [] []     []         []                  |  7
     jtag               |                    []                             |  3
     jwhois             |          []        []                     []      | 13
     kbd                |          [] []     []                             | 13
     keytouch           |                    []                             |  8
     keytouch-editor    |                    []                             |  5
     keytouch-keyboa... |                    []                             |  5
     latrine            |          []        []                             |  5
     ld                 |          []        []         []          []      | 10
     leafpad            |          [] []     []         []          []      | 24
     libc               |          []                   []          []      | 19
     libexif            |                    []                             |  5
     libextractor       |                    []                             |  5
     libgpewidget       |                    []  []     []                  | 20
     libgpg-error       |                    []                             |  6
     libgphoto2         |             []     []                             |  9
     libgphoto2_port    |             []     []                     []      | 11
     libgsasl           |                    []                             |  8
     libiconv           |                    []  []                         | 11
     libidn             |                    []         []                  | 11
     lifelines          |                                                   |  4
     lilypond           |                    []                             |  6
     lingoteach         |                    []                             |  6
     lprng              |                    []                             |  2
     lynx               |          [] []     []                             | 15
     m4                 |                    []         []          []      | 18
     mailfromd          |             []     []                             |  3
     mailutils          |             []     []                             |  8
     make               |          []        []         []                  | 20
     man-db             |                    []                             |  9
     minicom            |                    []                             | 14
     nano               |                    []         []          []      | 20
     opcodes            |          []        []                             | 10
     parted             |          [] []                            []      | 11
     pilot-qof          |                    []                             |  1
     popt               |          []        []         []          []      | 18
     psmisc             |                    []         []                  | 10
     pwdutils           |                    []                             |  3
     qof                |                    []                             |  4
     radius             |             []     []                             |  7
     recode             |          []        []         []                  | 25
     rpm                |          [] []     []                     []      | 13
     screem             |                    []                             |  2
     scrollkeeper       |          [] []     []                     []      | 26
     sed                |          []        []         []          []      | 23
     shared-mime-info   |             []     []         []                  | 29
     sharutils          |          []        []                     []      | 23
     shishi             |                    []                             |  3
     skencil            |                    []                             |  7
     solfege            |                    []                             |  3
     soundtracker       |          []        []                             |  9
     sp                 |          []                                       |  3
     system-tools-ba... |    []    [] []     []     []  []          []      | 38
     tar                |          [] []     []                             | 17
     texinfo            |          []        []         []                  | 15
     tin                |                                                   |  1
     tuxpaint           |                    []  []                 []      | 19
     unicode-han-tra... |                                                   |  0
     unicode-transla... |                                                   |  2
     util-linux         |          [] []     []                             | 20
     util-linux-ng      |          [] []     []                             | 20
     vorbis-tools       |             []     []                             |  4
     wastesedge         |                                                   |  1
     wdiff              |          []        []                             | 23
     wget               |          []        []                     []      | 20
     xchat              |             []     []         []          []      | 29
     xkeyboard-config   |          [] []     []                             | 14
     xpad               |                    []         []          []      | 15
                        +---------------------------------------------------+
       76 teams           tg th tk tr uk ven vi  wa xh zh_CN zh_HK zh_TW zu
      163 domains          0  3  1 74 51  0  143 21  1  57     7    45    0  2036

   Some counters in the preceding matrix are higher than the number of
visible blocks let us expect.  This is because a few extra PO files are
used for implementing regional variants of languages, or language
dialects.

   For a PO file in the matrix above to be effective, the package to
which it applies should also have been internationalized and
distributed as such by its maintainer.  There might be an observable
lag between the mere existence a PO file and its wide availability in a
distribution.

   If November 2007 seems to be old, you may fetch a more recent copy
of this `ABOUT-NLS' file on most GNU archive sites.  The most
up-to-date matrix with full percentage details can be found at
`http://translationproject.org/extra/matrix.html'.

1.6 Using `gettext' in new packages
===================================

If you are writing a freely available program and want to
internationalize it you are welcome to use GNU `gettext' in your
package.  Of course you have to respect the GNU Library General Public
License which covers the use of the GNU `gettext' library.  This means
in particular that even non-free programs can use `libintl' as a shared
library, whereas only free software can use `libintl' as a static
library or use modified versions of `libintl'.

   Once the sources are changed appropriately and the setup can handle
the use of `gettext' the only thing missing are the translations.  The
Free Translation Project is also available for packages which are not
developed inside the GNU project.  Therefore the information given above
applies also for every other Free Software Project.  Contact
`coordinator@@translationproject.org' to make the `.pot' files available
to the translation teams.

@


1.2
log
@Update to 2.6

ok jasper@@, krw@@, matthieu@@
@
text
@d21 29
a49 1
1.1 INSTALL Matters
d59 6
a64 3
provides the GNU `gettext' functions.  Installers may use special
options at configuration time for changing the default behaviour.  The
command:
d66 1
d69 3
a71 1
will _totally_ disable translation of messages.
d75 14
a88 3
probably detect the previously built and installed `libintl' library
and will decide to use it.  If not, you may have to to use the
`--with-libintl-prefix' option to tell `configure' where to look for it.
d99 1
a99 1
1.2 Using This Package
d151 1
a151 1
1.3 Translating Teams
d180 1
a180 1
1.4 Available Packages
d184 2
a185 2
matrix shows the current state of internationalization, as of June
2010.  The matrix shows, in regard of each package, for which languages
d189 170
a358 1
     Ready PO files       af am an ar as ast az be be@@latin bg bn_IN bs ca
d360 2
a361 1
     a2ps               |                       []                      [] |
d363 174
a536 4
     ant-phone          |                                                  |
     anubis             |                                                  |
     aspell             |                []                             [] |
     bash               |                                                  |
d538 1
a538 1
     bibshelf           |                []                                |
d540 3
a542 5
     bison              |                                                  |
     bison-runtime      |                []                                |
     bluez-pin          | []             []                                |
     bombono-dvd        |                                                  |
     buzztard           |                                                  |
d544 8
a551 11
     clisp              |                                                  |
     coreutils          |                                   []          [] |
     cpio               |                                                  |
     cppi               |                                                  |
     cpplib             |                                               [] |
     cryptsetup         |                                                  |
     dfarc              |                                                  |
     dialog             |                             []                [] |
     dico               |                                                  |
     diffutils          |                                               [] |
     dink               |                                                  |
d553 7
a559 7
     e2fsprogs          |                                               [] |
     enscript           |                                               [] |
     exif               |                                                  |
     fetchmail          |                                               [] |
     findutils          |                                   []             |
     flex               |                                               [] |
     freedink           |                                                  |
d561 2
a562 2
     gawk               |                []                             [] |
     gcal               |                                               [] |
d564 7
a570 7
     gettext-examples   | []             []                 []          [] |
     gettext-runtime    |                                   []          [] |
     gettext-tools      |                                   []          [] |
     gip                |                                   []             |
     gjay               |                                                  |
     gliv               |                                   []             |
     glunarclock        |                []                 []             |
d572 1
a572 1
     gnucash            |                                               [] |
d574 1
a574 1
     gnulib             |                                                  |
d577 26
a602 28
     gnutls             |                                                  |
     gold               |                                                  |
     gpe-aerial         |                                                  |
     gpe-beam           |                                                  |
     gpe-bluetooth      |                                                  |
     gpe-calendar       |                                                  |
     gpe-clock          |                []                                |
     gpe-conf           |                                                  |
     gpe-contacts       |                                                  |
     gpe-edit           |                                                  |
     gpe-filemanager    |                                                  |
     gpe-go             |                                                  |
     gpe-login          |                                                  |
     gpe-ownerinfo      |                []                                |
     gpe-package        |                                                  |
     gpe-sketchbook     |                                                  |
     gpe-su             |                []                                |
     gpe-taskmanager    |                []                                |
     gpe-timesheet      |                []                                |
     gpe-today          |                []                                |
     gpe-todo           |                                                  |
     gphoto2            |                                                  |
     gprof              |                                   []             |
     gpsdrive           |                                                  |
     gramadoir          |                                                  |
     grep               |                                                  |
     grub               |                []                             [] |
     gsasl              |                                                  |
d604 12
a615 12
     gst-plugins-bad    |                                   []             |
     gst-plugins-base   |                                   []             |
     gst-plugins-good   |                                   []             |
     gst-plugins-ugly   |                                   []             |
     gstreamer          | []                                []          [] |
     gtick              |                                                  |
     gtkam              |                       []                         |
     gtkorphan          |                                   []             |
     gtkspell           | []             []     []                         |
     gutenprint         |                                                  |
     hello              |                                   []             |
     help2man           |                                                  |
d617 19
a635 19
     idutils            |                                                  |
     indent             |                                   []          [] |
     iso_15924          |                                                  |
     iso_3166           | []          []        []          []  []   [] [] |
     iso_3166_2         |                                                  |
     iso_4217           |                                                  |
     iso_639            |             [] []     []              []         |
     iso_639_3          |                                                  |
     jwhois             |                                                  |
     kbd                |                                                  |
     keytouch           |                                               [] |
     keytouch-editor    |                                                  |
     keytouch-keyboa... |                                               [] |
     klavaro            |          []                                      |
     latrine            |                                                  |
     ld                 |                                   []             |
     leafpad            |                                   []          [] |
     libc               |                                   []          [] |
     libexif            |                       ()                         |
d637 1
a637 2
     libgnutls          |                                                  |
     libgpewidget       |                                                  |
d639 8
a646 10
     libgphoto2         |                                                  |
     libgphoto2_port    |                                                  |
     libgsasl           |                                                  |
     libiconv           |                                   []             |
     libidn             |                                                  |
     lifelines          |                                                  |
     liferea            |                             []                [] |
     lilypond           |                                                  |
     linkdr             |          []                                      |
     lordsawar          |                                                  |
d648 2
a649 2
     lynx               |                                               [] |
     m4                 |                                                  |
d652 1
a652 1
     make               |                                                  |
d654 7
a660 11
     man-db-manpages    |                                                  |
     minicom            |                                                  |
     mkisofs            |                                                  |
     myserver           |                                                  |
     nano               |                                   []          [] |
     opcodes            |                                                  |
     parted             |                                                  |
     pies               |                                                  |
     popt               |                                                  |
     psmisc             |                                                  |
     pspp               |                                               [] |
d662 9
a670 10
     radius             |                                               [] |
     recode             |                       []                      [] |
     rosegarden         |                                                  |
     rpm                |                                                  |
     rush               |                                                  |
     sarg               |                                                  |
     screem             |                                                  |
     scrollkeeper       |                    [] []                      [] |
     sed                |                []                             [] |
     sharutils          |                                   []          [] |
d673 1
a673 2
     solfege            |                                                  |
     solfege-manual     |                                                  |
d675 4
a678 4
     sp                 |                                                  |
     sysstat            |                                                  |
     tar                |                                   []             |
     texinfo            |                                                  |
d680 1
d683 2
a684 3
     util-linux-ng      |                                               [] |
     vice               |                                                  |
     vmm                |                                                  |
d686 169
d856 5
a860 6
     wdiff              |                                                  |
     wget               |                       []                      [] |
     wyslij-po          |                                                  |
     xchat              |                []     []          []          [] |
     xdg-user-dirs      | []    []    [] []     []    []    []  []      [] |
     xkeyboard-config   |                                   []          [] |
d862 2
a863 738
                          af am an ar as ast az be be@@latin bg bn_IN bs ca
                           6  0  1  2  3 19   1 10     3    28   3    1 38

                          crh cs da  de  el en en_GB en_ZA eo es et eu fa
                        +-------------------------------------------------+
     a2ps               |     [] []  []  []     []            [] []       |
     aegis              |        []  []                       []          |
     ant-phone          |        []  ()                                   |
     anubis             |        []  []                                   |
     aspell             |     [] []  []         []            []          |
     bash               |     []                           [] []          |
     bfd                |                                     []          |
     bibshelf           |        []  []                       []          |
     binutils           |                                     []          |
     bison              |            []  []                               |
     bison-runtime      |        []  []  []                      []       |
     bluez-pin          |     [] []  []  []                [] []          |
     bombono-dvd        |        []                                       |
     buzztard           |     [] []  []                                   |
     cflow              |        []  []                                   |
     clisp              |        []  []     []                []          |
     coreutils          |     [] []  []                          []       |
     cpio               |                                                 |
     cppi               |                                                 |
     cpplib             |        []  []                       []          |
     cryptsetup         |            []                                   |
     dfarc              |        []  []                       []          |
     dialog             |        []  []                    [] []    []    |
     dico               |                                                 |
     diffutils          |     [] []  []  []                [] []          |
     dink               |        []  []                       []          |
     doodle             |            []                                   |
     e2fsprogs          |     []     []                       []          |
     enscript           |        []  []         []                        |
     exif               |     () []  []                                   |
     fetchmail          |     [] []  ()  []     []            []          |
     findutils          |     [] []  []                                   |
     flex               |            []                       []          |
     freedink           |        []  []                       []          |
     gas                |                                     []          |
     gawk               |        []  []                       []          |
     gcal               |                                     []          |
     gcc                |            []                       []          |
     gettext-examples   |            []  []                [] []          |
     gettext-runtime    |        []  []                    [] []          |
     gettext-tools      |            []                       []    []    |
     gip                |        []  []                       []    []    |
     gjay               |            []                                   |
     gliv               |     [] []  []                                   |
     glunarclock        |        []  []                                   |
     gnubiff            |            ()                                   |
     gnucash            |     []     ()  ()     ()            ()          |
     gnuedu             |        []                           []          |
     gnulib             |            []                       []          |
     gnunet             |                                                 |
     gnunet-gtk         |        []                                       |
     gnutls             |     []     []                                   |
     gold               |                                     []          |
     gpe-aerial         |     [] []  []                       []          |
     gpe-beam           |     [] []  []                       []          |
     gpe-bluetooth      |        []  []                                   |
     gpe-calendar       |        []                                       |
     gpe-clock          |     [] []  []                       []          |
     gpe-conf           |     [] []  []                                   |
     gpe-contacts       |        []  []                       []          |
     gpe-edit           |        []  []                                   |
     gpe-filemanager    |        []  []                       []          |
     gpe-go             |     [] []  []                       []          |
     gpe-login          |        []  []                                   |
     gpe-ownerinfo      |     [] []  []                       []          |
     gpe-package        |        []  []                       []          |
     gpe-sketchbook     |     [] []  []                       []          |
     gpe-su             |     [] []  []                       []          |
     gpe-taskmanager    |     [] []  []                       []          |
     gpe-timesheet      |     [] []  []                       []          |
     gpe-today          |     [] []  []                       []          |
     gpe-todo           |        []  []                       []          |
     gphoto2            |     [] []  ()         []            []    []    |
     gprof              |        []  []                       []          |
     gpsdrive           |        []                           [] []       |
     gramadoir          |        []  []                    []             |
     grep               |     []                                          |
     grub               |        []  []                                   |
     gsasl              |            []                                   |
     gss                |                                                 |
     gst-plugins-bad    |     [] []  []                       []    []    |
     gst-plugins-base   |     [] []  []                       []    []    |
     gst-plugins-good   |     [] []  []  []                   []    []    |
     gst-plugins-ugly   |     [] []  []  []                   []    []    |
     gstreamer          |     [] []  []                       []    []    |
     gtick              |        []  ()                    []             |
     gtkam              |     [] []  ()                    [] []          |
     gtkorphan          |     [] []  []                    []             |
     gtkspell           |     [] []  []  []                [] []    []    |
     gutenprint         |        []  []         []                        |
     hello              |        []  []                    [] []          |
     help2man           |            []                                   |
     hylafax            |            []                       []          |
     idutils            |        []  []                                   |
     indent             |     [] []  []                    [] [] [] []    |
     iso_15924          |        []      ()                [] []          |
     iso_3166           | []  [] []  []  ()                [] [] [] ()    |
     iso_3166_2         |                ()                               |
     iso_4217           |     [] []  []  ()                   [] []       |
     iso_639            | []  [] []  []  ()                [] []          |
     iso_639_3          | []                                              |
     jwhois             |                                     []          |
     kbd                |     [] []  []  []                   []          |
     keytouch           |        []  []                                   |
     keytouch-editor    |        []  []                                   |
     keytouch-keyboa... |        []                                       |
     klavaro            |     [] []  []                    []             |
     latrine            |        []  ()                                   |
     ld                 |        []                           []          |
     leafpad            |     [] []  []  []                   []    []    |
     libc               |     [] []  []                       []          |
     libexif            |        []  []         ()                        |
     libextractor       |                                                 |
     libgnutls          |     []                                          |
     libgpewidget       |        []  []                                   |
     libgpg-error       |     []     []                                   |
     libgphoto2         |        []  ()                                   |
     libgphoto2_port    |        []  ()                             []    |
     libgsasl           |                                                 |
     libiconv           |     [] []  []                    []    []       |
     libidn             |     []     []                    []             |
     lifelines          |        []  ()                                   |
     liferea            |     []     []  []                   []    []    |
     lilypond           |     []     []                       []          |
     linkdr             |        []  []                       []          |
     lordsawar          |        []                                       |
     lprng              |                                                 |
     lynx               |     [] []  []                          []       |
     m4                 |     [] []  []  []                               |
     mailfromd          |                                                 |
     mailutils          |                                     []          |
     make               |        []  []                       []          |
     man-db             |                                                 |
     man-db-manpages    |                                                 |
     minicom            |     [] []  []                       []          |
     mkisofs            |                                                 |
     myserver           |                                                 |
     nano               |            []                       []    []    |
     opcodes            |            []                       []          |
     parted             |     []     []                                   |
     pies               |                                                 |
     popt               |     [] []  []                    [] []          |
     psmisc             |     []     []                             []    |
     pspp               |                                     []          |
     pwdutils           |        []                                       |
     radius             |                                     []          |
     recode             |     [] []  []  []                [] []          |
     rosegarden         |     ()     ()                       ()          |
     rpm                |        []  []                       []          |
     rush               |                                                 |
     sarg               |                                                 |
     screem             |                                                 |
     scrollkeeper       |     [] []  []         []            []          |
     sed                |     []     []  []                [] [] []       |
     sharutils          |        []  []                       [] []       |
     shishi             |                                                 |
     skencil            |        []  ()                       []          |
     solfege            |            []                    []    []       |
     solfege-manual     |                                  []    []       |
     soundtracker       |        []  []                       []          |
     sp                 |            []                                   |
     sysstat            |        []  []                             []    |
     tar                |     []     []                          [] []    |
     texinfo            |            []                    [] []          |
     tin                |            []                          []       |
     unicode-han-tra... |                                                 |
     unicode-transla... |                                                 |
     util-linux-ng      |     [] []  []                       []          |
     vice               |        ()  ()                                   |
     vmm                |            []                                   |
     vorbis-tools       |     []                           []             |
     wastesedge         |        []                                       |
     wdiff              |            []                       []          |
     wget               |     []     []                          []       |
     wyslij-po          |                                                 |
     xchat              |     []     []  []                   [] []       |
     xdg-user-dirs      | []  [] []  []  []                [] [] [] []    |
     xkeyboard-config   | []  [] []  []                    [] []          |
                        +-------------------------------------------------+
                          crh cs da  de  el en en_GB en_ZA eo es et eu fa
                           5  64 105 117 18  1   8     0   28 89 18 19  0

                          fi  fr  ga gl gu he hi hr hu hy id  is it ja ka kn
                        +----------------------------------------------------+
     a2ps               | []  []                          []        []       |
     aegis              |     []                                 []          |
     ant-phone          |     []                                 []          |
     anubis             | []  []                          []     []          |
     aspell             |     []  []                      []     []          |
     bash               | []  []                          []        []       |
     bfd                | []  []                          []                 |
     bibshelf           | []  []  []                      []     []          |
     binutils           | []  []                          []                 |
     bison              | []  []  []                      []                 |
     bison-runtime      | []  []  []                      []     [] []       |
     bluez-pin          | []  []  []                [] [] []  []    []       |
     bombono-dvd        | []                                                 |
     buzztard           |                                 []                 |
     cflow              | []      []                      []                 |
     clisp              |     []                                             |
     coreutils          |     []  []                []    []     []          |
     cpio               | []  []  []                      []                 |
     cppi               | []  []                                             |
     cpplib             | []  []                          []                 |
     cryptsetup         |     []                          []     []          |
     dfarc              | []  []                                 []          |
     dialog             |     []  [] []                   []  [] [] []       |
     dico               |                                                    |
     diffutils          | []  []  [] []    []       []    []     [] []       |
     dink               |     []                                             |
     doodle             |         []                             []          |
     e2fsprogs          |     []                          []                 |
     enscript           |     []  []             []       []                 |
     exif               | []  []                          []  [] [] []       |
     fetchmail          |     []                          []     [] []       |
     findutils          | []  []  []                []    []     []          |
     flex               | []  []  []                                         |
     freedink           | []  []                          []                 |
     gas                |     []                          []                 |
     gawk               |     []  []       []             []     () []       |
     gcal               |     []                                             |
     gcc                |                                 []                 |
     gettext-examples   | []  []  []                []    []     [] []       |
     gettext-runtime    | []  []  []                      []     [] []       |
     gettext-tools      |     []                          []     [] []       |
     gip                | []  []  [] []                   []        []       |
     gjay               | []                                                 |
     gliv               | []  ()                                             |
     glunarclock        | []      []                []    []                 |
     gnubiff            |     ()                          []     ()          |
     gnucash            | ()  ()           ()       ()           () []       |
     gnuedu             |     []                                 []          |
     gnulib             | []  []  []                []           [] []       |
     gnunet             |                                                    |
     gnunet-gtk         |     []                                             |
     gnutls             |     []                                 []          |
     gold               | []                              []                 |
     gpe-aerial         | []  []                          []                 |
     gpe-beam           | []  []                          []        []       |
     gpe-bluetooth      | []                              []     [] []       |
     gpe-calendar       | []                                        []       |
     gpe-clock          | []  []                    []    []        []       |
     gpe-conf           | []  []                          []        []       |
     gpe-contacts       | []  []                          []        []       |
     gpe-edit           | []                              []        []       |
     gpe-filemanager    | []                        []    []        []       |
     gpe-go             | []  []                    []    []        []       |
     gpe-login          | []                              []        []       |
     gpe-ownerinfo      | []  []                    []    []        []       |
     gpe-package        | []                              []        []       |
     gpe-sketchbook     | []  []                          []        []       |
     gpe-su             | []  []     []             []    []        []       |
     gpe-taskmanager    | []  []                    []    []        []       |
     gpe-timesheet      | []  []  []                      []        []       |
     gpe-today          | []  []  [] []             []    []        []       |
     gpe-todo           | []                              []        []       |
     gphoto2            | []  []                    []    []     [] []       |
     gprof              | []  []  []                      []                 |
     gpsdrive           |            []                   []     []          |
     gramadoir          |     []  []                      []                 |
     grep               | []                                     []          |
     grub               | []                        []    []     []          |
     gsasl              | []  []  []                      []     []          |
     gss                | []  []  []                      []     []          |
     gst-plugins-bad    | []  []                    []    []     [] []       |
     gst-plugins-base   | []  []                    []    []     [] []       |
     gst-plugins-good   | []  []                    []    []     [] []       |
     gst-plugins-ugly   | []  []                    []    []     [] []       |
     gstreamer          | []  []                    []    []     []          |
     gtick              | []  []  []                      []     []          |
     gtkam              |     []                    []    []     [] []       |
     gtkorphan          |     []                          []     []          |
     gtkspell           | []  []  [] []             [] [] []     [] []       |
     gutenprint         | []  []                    []           []          |
     hello              | []      []                      []                 |
     help2man           | []  []                                             |
     hylafax            |                                 []                 |
     idutils            | []  []  []                []    []     []          |
     indent             | []  []  [] []             []    []     [] []       |
     iso_15924          | []  ()                          []     []          |
     iso_3166           | []  ()  [] [] [] [] [] [] []    []     [] []       |
     iso_3166_2         |     ()                    []    []     []          |
     iso_4217           | []  ()                    []    []     [] []       |
     iso_639            | []  ()  []    []          []    []     [] []    [] |
     iso_639_3          |     ()                                 []       [] |
     jwhois             | []  []                    []    []     []          |
     kbd                |     []                          []                 |
     keytouch           | []  []  []                []    []     []          |
     keytouch-editor    | []      []                []    []     []          |
     keytouch-keyboa... | []      []                []    []     []          |
     klavaro            |            []             []                       |
     latrine            | []                              []     []          |
     ld                 | []  []  []                      []                 |
     leafpad            | []  []  []       []       []    []     [] ()       |
     libc               | []  []     []                   []        []       |
     libexif            |                                        []          |
     libextractor       |                                                    |
     libgnutls          |     []                                 []          |
     libgpewidget       | []      []                      []        []       |
     libgpg-error       |     []                                 []          |
     libgphoto2         |     []                                 [] []       |
     libgphoto2_port    |     []                                 [] []       |
     libgsasl           | []  []  []                      []     []          |
     libiconv           | []  []  []                      []     [] []       |
     libidn             | []  []                          []     []          |
     lifelines          |     ()                                             |
     liferea            |     []                    []           [] []       |
     lilypond           | []  []                                             |
     linkdr             | []               []    [] []           []          |
     lordsawar          |                                                    |
     lprng              |                                 []                 |
     lynx               |     []                    []    []     [] []       |
     m4                 | []  []  [] []                   []        []       |
     mailfromd          |                                                    |
     mailutils          |     []                          []                 |
     make               | []  []  [] []    []    []       []     [] []       |
     man-db             |                                 []     []          |
     man-db-manpages    |                                 []                 |
     minicom            | []  []                    []    []        []       |
     mkisofs            | []  []                          []     []          |
     myserver           |                                                    |
     nano               | []  []  [] []             []           []          |
     opcodes            | []  []  []                      []                 |
     parted             |     []                          []     [] []       |
     pies               |                                                    |
     popt               | []  []  [] []             []    []  [] [] []       |
     psmisc             | []  []                          []                 |
     pspp               |                                                    |
     pwdutils           |     []                          []                 |
     radius             |     []                          []                 |
     recode             | []  []  [] []    []       []    []     []          |
     rosegarden         | ()  ()                          ()     () ()       |
     rpm                |                                 []        []       |
     rush               |                                                    |
     sarg               |     []                                             |
     screem             |                                        [] []       |
     scrollkeeper       | []                        []    []     []          |
     sed                | []  []  [] []             []    []     [] []       |
     sharutils          | []  []  []                []    []     [] []       |
     shishi             |     []                                             |
     skencil            |     []                                             |
     solfege            | []  []     []                          []          |
     solfege-manual     |     []     []                                      |
     soundtracker       |     []                                 []          |
     sp                 |     []                                    ()       |
     sysstat            | []  []                          []     [] []       |
     tar                | []  []  []                []    []     [] []       |
     texinfo            |     []                          []     [] []       |
     tin                |     []                                             |
     unicode-han-tra... |                                                    |
     unicode-transla... |     []  []                                         |
     util-linux-ng      | []  []                    []    []     [] []       |
     vice               |     ()                    ()           ()          |
     vmm                |     []                                             |
     vorbis-tools       |                                 []                 |
     wastesedge         |     ()                                 ()          |
     wdiff              | []                                                 |
     wget               | []  []  []             [] []    []     [] []       |
     wyslij-po          | []  []                          []                 |
     xchat              | []  []        []    []    []    []     [] []    [] |
     xdg-user-dirs      | []  []  [] [] [] [] []    []    []  [] [] []    [] |
     xkeyboard-config   | []  []                    []    []     []          |
                        +----------------------------------------------------+
                          fi  fr  ga gl gu he hi hr hu hy id  is it ja ka kn
                          105 121 53 20  4  8  3  5 53  2 120  5 84 67  0  4

                          ko ku ky lg lt lv mk ml mn mr ms mt nb nds ne
                        +-----------------------------------------------+
     a2ps               |                               []              |
     aegis              |                                               |
     ant-phone          |                                               |
     anubis             |                               []    []        |
     aspell             |                         []                    |
     bash               |                                               |
     bfd                |                                               |
     bibshelf           |                []             []              |
     binutils           |                                               |
     bison              |                               []              |
     bison-runtime      |       []    [] []             []    []        |
     bluez-pin          |    [] []    [] []             []              |
     bombono-dvd        |                                               |
     buzztard           |                                               |
     cflow              |                                               |
     clisp              |                                               |
     coreutils          |          []                                   |
     cpio               |                                               |
     cppi               |                                               |
     cpplib             |                                               |
     cryptsetup         |                                               |
     dfarc              |                   []                          |
     dialog             |    []       [] []             []    []        |
     dico               |                                               |
     diffutils          |                []             []              |
     dink               |                                               |
     doodle             |                                               |
     e2fsprogs          |                                               |
     enscript           |                                               |
     exif               |                []                             |
     fetchmail          |                                               |
     findutils          |                                               |
     flex               |                                               |
     freedink           |                                     []        |
     gas                |                                               |
     gawk               |                                               |
     gcal               |                                               |
     gcc                |                                               |
     gettext-examples   |       []       []             [] []           |
     gettext-runtime    | []                                            |
     gettext-tools      | []                                            |
     gip                |                []             []              |
     gjay               |                                               |
     gliv               |                                               |
     glunarclock        |                []                             |
     gnubiff            |                                               |
     gnucash            | ()          ()                      ()     () |
     gnuedu             |                                               |
     gnulib             |                                               |
     gnunet             |                                               |
     gnunet-gtk         |                                               |
     gnutls             |                               []              |
     gold               |                                               |
     gpe-aerial         |                []                             |
     gpe-beam           |                []                             |
     gpe-bluetooth      |                []                []           |
     gpe-calendar       |                []                             |
     gpe-clock          | []    []       []             [] []           |
     gpe-conf           | []             []                             |
     gpe-contacts       | []             []                             |
     gpe-edit           |                []                             |
     gpe-filemanager    | []             []                             |
     gpe-go             | []             []                []           |
     gpe-login          |                []                             |
     gpe-ownerinfo      |                []             []              |
     gpe-package        | []             []                             |
     gpe-sketchbook     | []             []                             |
     gpe-su             | []    []       []             [] [] []        |
     gpe-taskmanager    | [] [] []       []             [] []           |
     gpe-timesheet      |                []             []              |
     gpe-today          |       []       []             [] []           |
     gpe-todo           |                []                   []        |
     gphoto2            |                                               |
     gprof              |                               []              |
     gpsdrive           |                                               |
     gramadoir          |                                               |
     grep               |                                               |
     grub               |                                               |
     gsasl              |                                               |
     gss                |                                               |
     gst-plugins-bad    |             [] []                [] []        |
     gst-plugins-base   |             [] []                             |
     gst-plugins-good   |                []                []           |
     gst-plugins-ugly   |             [] []             [] [] []        |
     gstreamer          |                                               |
     gtick              |                                               |
     gtkam              |                                     []        |
     gtkorphan          |                []                      []     |
     gtkspell           |       []    [] []       []    []    [] []     |
     gutenprint         |                                               |
     hello              | []             []             []              |
     help2man           |                                               |
     hylafax            |                                               |
     idutils            |                                               |
     indent             |                                               |
     iso_15924          |             [] []                             |
     iso_3166           | [] []       () [] [] []    []       []        |
     iso_3166_2         |                                               |
     iso_4217           |             []                      []        |
     iso_639            |                      []    []                 |
     iso_639_3          |                            []                 |
     jwhois             |                []                             |
     kbd                |                                               |
     keytouch           |                []                             |
     keytouch-editor    |                []                             |
     keytouch-keyboa... |                []                             |
     klavaro            |                                     []        |
     latrine            |                []                             |
     ld                 |                                               |
     leafpad            | []          [] []                             |
     libc               | []                                            |
     libexif            |                                               |
     libextractor       |                                               |
     libgnutls          |                               []              |
     libgpewidget       |                []             []              |
     libgpg-error       |                                               |
     libgphoto2         |                                               |
     libgphoto2_port    |                                               |
     libgsasl           |                                               |
     libiconv           |                                               |
     libidn             |                                               |
     lifelines          |                                               |
     liferea            |                                               |
     lilypond           |                                               |
     linkdr             |                                               |
     lordsawar          |                                               |
     lprng              |                                               |
     lynx               |                                               |
     m4                 |                                               |
     mailfromd          |                                               |
     mailutils          |                                               |
     make               | []                                            |
     man-db             |                                               |
     man-db-manpages    |                                               |
     minicom            |                                     []        |
     mkisofs            |                                               |
     myserver           |                                               |
     nano               |                               []    []        |
     opcodes            |                                               |
     parted             |                                               |
     pies               |                                               |
     popt               | []             []                   []        |
     psmisc             |                                               |
     pspp               |                                               |
     pwdutils           |                                               |
     radius             |                                               |
     recode             |                                               |
     rosegarden         |                                               |
     rpm                |                                               |
     rush               |                                               |
     sarg               |                                               |
     screem             |                                               |
     scrollkeeper       |                                     []     [] |
     sed                |                                               |
     sharutils          |                                               |
     shishi             |                                               |
     skencil            |                                               |
     solfege            |                                     []        |
     solfege-manual     |                                               |
     soundtracker       |                                               |
     sp                 |                                               |
     sysstat            |                []                             |
     tar                |       []                                      |
     texinfo            |                                     []        |
     tin                |                                               |
     unicode-han-tra... |                                               |
     unicode-transla... |                                               |
     util-linux-ng      |                                               |
     vice               |                                               |
     vmm                |                                               |
     vorbis-tools       |                                               |
     wastesedge         |                                               |
     wdiff              |                                               |
     wget               |             []                                |
     wyslij-po          |                                               |
     xchat              | []             [] []                          |
     xdg-user-dirs      | [] []       [] [] []       []       [] []     |
     xkeyboard-config   | []    []    []                                |
                        +-----------------------------------------------+
                          ko ku ky lg lt lv mk ml mn mr ms mt nb nds ne
                          20  5 10  1 13 48  4  2  2  4 24 10 20  3   1

                          nl  nn or pa pl  ps pt pt_BR ro ru rw sk sl sq sr
                        +---------------------------------------------------+
     a2ps               | []           []     []  []   [] []       []    [] |
     aegis              | []                      []      []                |
     ant-phone          |                         []   []                   |
     anubis             | []           []                 []                |
     aspell             | []                           [] []    [] []       |
     bash               | []                                    []          |
     bfd                |                                 []                |
     bibshelf           | []  []                                            |
     binutils           |                                 []    []          |
     bison              | []           []                 []                |
     bison-runtime      | []           []     []  []   [] []       []       |
     bluez-pin          | []           []         []   [] []    [] []    [] |
     bombono-dvd        |     []                          ()                |
     buzztard           | []  []                                            |
     cflow              |              []                                   |
     clisp              | []                              []                |
     coreutils          | []           []     []  []      []       []       |
     cpio               | []           []                 []                |
     cppi               |              []                                   |
     cpplib             | []                                                |
     cryptsetup         | []                                                |
     dfarc              |              []                                   |
     dialog             | []           []         []      []                |
     dico               |              []                                   |
     diffutils          | []           []         []   [] []             [] |
     dink               | ()                                                |
     doodle             | []                                          []    |
     e2fsprogs          | []           []                                   |
     enscript           | []                      []   [] []       []       |
     exif               | []           []              [] ()    []          |
     fetchmail          | []           []                 []          []    |
     findutils          | []           []     []          []       []       |
     flex               | []           []         []   [] []                |
     freedink           | []           []                                   |
     gas                |                                                   |
     gawk               | []           []         []   []                   |
     gcal               |                                                   |
     gcc                |                                                [] |
     gettext-examples   | []           []     []       [] []    [] []    [] |
     gettext-runtime    | []  []       []     []       [] []    [] []    [] |
     gettext-tools      |              []              [] []    [] []    [] |
     gip                | []           []                 []    []       [] |
     gjay               |                                                   |
     gliv               | []           []         []   [] []    []          |
     glunarclock        | []                      []   []       []       [] |
     gnubiff            | []                           ()                   |
     gnucash            | []           ()         ()      ()                |
     gnuedu             | []                                                |
     gnulib             | []           []                 []       []       |
     gnunet             |                                                   |
     gnunet-gtk         |                                                   |
     gnutls             | []           []                                   |
     gold               |                                                   |
     gpe-aerial         | []                  []  []   [] []       []    [] |
     gpe-beam           | []                  []  []   [] []       []    [] |
     gpe-bluetooth      | []                      []                        |
     gpe-calendar       |                         []      []       []    [] |
     gpe-clock          | []                  []  []   [] []    [] []    [] |
     gpe-conf           | []                  []  []   [] []    [] []       |
     gpe-contacts       |                         []   [] []       []    [] |
     gpe-edit           | []           []                          []       |
     gpe-filemanager    | []                              []       []       |
     gpe-go             | []           []         []   [] []    [] []    [] |
     gpe-login          | []                      []                        |
     gpe-ownerinfo      | []                  []  []   [] []    [] []    [] |
     gpe-package        | []                                       []       |
     gpe-sketchbook     | []                  []  []   [] []       []    [] |
     gpe-su             | []                  []  []   [] []    [] []    [] |
     gpe-taskmanager    | []                  []  []   [] []    [] []    [] |
     gpe-timesheet      | []                  []  []   [] []    [] []    [] |
     gpe-today          | []                  []  []   [] []    [] []    [] |
     gpe-todo           | []                      []      []       []    [] |
     gphoto2            | []        [] []         []   [] []    []       [] |
     gprof              | []                      []   []                   |
     gpsdrive           | []                              []                |
     gramadoir          | []                                    []          |
     grep               | []           []                 []    []          |
     grub               | []           []                 []                |
     gsasl              | []           []                       []       [] |
     gss                |              []              []       []          |
     gst-plugins-bad    | []           []         []      []    []    []    |
     gst-plugins-base   | []           []         []      []    []          |
     gst-plugins-good   | []           []         []      []    []          |
     gst-plugins-ugly   | []           []         []      []    [] []       |
     gstreamer          | []           []         []      []    []          |
     gtick              | []                              []    []          |
     gtkam              | []        [] []         []      []    []          |
     gtkorphan          | []                                                |
     gtkspell           | []           []     []  []   [] []    [] [] [] [] |
     gutenprint         | []                              []                |
     hello              | []           []                       [] []       |
     help2man           |              []                 []                |
     hylafax            | []                                                |
     idutils            | []           []         []   [] []                |
     indent             | []           []         []   [] []    []       [] |
     iso_15924          | []           []                 []       []       |
     iso_3166           | []  [] [] [] []     ()  []   [] [] [] [] [] [] [] |
     iso_3166_2         | []           []                          []       |
     iso_4217           | []  []       []     []          [] []    []    [] |
     iso_639            | []     [] [] []                 [] [] [] []    [] |
     iso_639_3          |        [] []                                      |
     jwhois             | []           []         []   []                   |
     kbd                | []           []              []                   |
     keytouch           | []           []                       []          |
     keytouch-editor    | []           []                       []          |
     keytouch-keyboa... | []           []                       []          |
     klavaro            | []                      []                        |
     latrine            |              []                 []                |
     ld                 |                                                   |
     leafpad            | []  []       []     []  []      []    [] []    [] |
     libc               | []           []                 []    []          |
     libexif            | []           []         ()            []          |
     libextractor       |                                                   |
     libgnutls          | []           []                                   |
     libgpewidget       | []           []                          []       |
     libgpg-error       |              []              []                   |
     libgphoto2         | []           []                                   |
     libgphoto2_port    | []           []         []      []    []          |
     libgsasl           | []           []              []       []       [] |
     libiconv           | []           []                       [] []    [] |
     libidn             | []           []                                   |
     lifelines          | []           []                                   |
     liferea            | []           []     []  []   [] ()    ()    []    |
     lilypond           | []                                                |
     linkdr             | []                  []          []                |
     lordsawar          |                                                   |
     lprng              |              []                                   |
     lynx               | []                      []      []                |
     m4                 | []           []         []   [] []                |
     mailfromd          |              []                                   |
     mailutils          |              []                                   |
     make               | []           []         []      []                |
     man-db             | []           []                 []                |
     man-db-manpages    | []           []                 []                |
     minicom            |              []         []   [] []                |
     mkisofs            | []           []                 []                |
     myserver           |                                                   |
     nano               | []           []         []      []                |
     opcodes            | []                           []                   |
     parted             | []           []                 []    []          |
     pies               |              []                                   |
     popt               | []           []     []          []                |
     psmisc             | []           []                 []                |
     pspp               | []                      []                        |
     pwdutils           |              []                                   |
     radius             | []           []                 []                |
     recode             | []           []     []  []   [] []    [] []       |
     rosegarden         |              ()                 ()                |
     rpm                | []           []     []                            |
     rush               | []           []                                   |
     sarg               |                                                   |
     screem             |                                                   |
     scrollkeeper       | []  []       []              [] []    []    [] [] |
     sed                | []           []     []  []   [] []    [] []    [] |
     sharutils          | []           []                 []             [] |
     shishi             |              []                                   |
     skencil            |                     []  []                        |
     solfege            | []           []         []      []                |
     solfege-manual     | []           []         []                        |
     soundtracker       |                                       []          |
     sp                 |                                                   |
     sysstat            | []           []         []      []                |
     tar                | []           []                 []       []       |
     texinfo            | []           []              [] []                |
     tin                |                                 []                |
     unicode-han-tra... |                                                   |
     unicode-transla... |                                                   |
     util-linux-ng      | []           []         []      []       []       |
     vice               | []                                                |
     vmm                | []                                                |
     vorbis-tools       | []           []                                   |
     wastesedge         | []                                                |
     wdiff              | []           []                                   |
     wget               | []           []     []  []      []    [] []       |
     wyslij-po          | []  []       []                                   |
     xchat              | []        [] []     []          []    [] [] [] [] |
     xdg-user-dirs      | []  [] [] [] []  [] []  []   [] []    [] [] [] [] |
     xkeyboard-config   | []           []                 []                |
                        +---------------------------------------------------+
                          nl  nn or pa pl  ps pt pt_BR ro ru rw sk sl sq sr
                          135 10  4  7 105  1 29  62   47 91  3 54 46  9 37
d865 1
a865 1
                          sv  sw ta te tg th tr uk vi  wa zh_CN zh_HK zh_TW
d867 152
a1018 165
     a2ps               | []              [] [] [] []                       | 27
     aegis              |                          []                       |  9
     ant-phone          | []                 []    []      []               |  9
     anubis             | []                 [] [] []                       | 15
     aspell             |                       [] []  []                   | 20
     bash               | []                    [] []                       | 12
     bfd                |                          []                       |  6
     bibshelf           | []                       []      []               | 16
     binutils           |                       [] []                       |  8
     bison              | []                       []                       | 12
     bison-runtime      | []              []    [] []      []          []   | 29
     bluez-pin          | []              [] [] [] []  []  []          []   | 37
     bombono-dvd        |                          []                       |  4
     buzztard           |                          []                       |  7
     cflow              |                       [] []      []               |  9
     clisp              |                                                   | 10
     coreutils          | []                    [] []      []               | 22
     cpio               | []                 [] [] []      []          []   | 13
     cppi               |                       [] []                       |  5
     cpplib             | []                 [] [] []      []          []   | 14
     cryptsetup         | []                       []                       |  7
     dfarc              |                          []                       |  9
     dialog             | []  []          []       []  []  []          []   | 30
     dico               |                       []                          |  2
     diffutils          | []                 [] [] []      []          []   | 30
     dink               |                                                   |  4
     doodle             | []                       []                       |  7
     e2fsprogs          | []                 []    []                       | 11
     enscript           | []                 [] [] []                       | 17
     exif               | []                       []      []               | 16
     fetchmail          |                    []    []      []               | 17
     findutils          | []                 [] [] []      []               | 20
     flex               | []                 []    []                  []   | 15
     freedink           |                          []                       | 10
     gas                |                    []                             |  4
     gawk               | []                 []    []      []               | 18
     gcal               | []                 []                             |  5
     gcc                | []                 []            []               |  7
     gettext-examples   | []                 [] [] []      []    []    []   | 34
     gettext-runtime    | []                 [] [] []      []    []    []   | 29
     gettext-tools      | []                 [] [] []      []          []   | 22
     gip                | []                       []      []          []   | 22
     gjay               |                          []                       |  3
     gliv               | []                 []    []                       | 14
     glunarclock        | []                       []  []  []          []   | 19
     gnubiff            | []                       []                       |  4
     gnucash            |                    () [] ()      []          ()   | 10
     gnuedu             |                          []                  []   |  7
     gnulib             | []                    [] []      []               | 16
     gnunet             |                          []                       |  1
     gnunet-gtk         | []                 []    []                       |  5
     gnutls             | []                       []      []               | 10
     gold               |                          []                       |  4
     gpe-aerial         | []                       []      []               | 18
     gpe-beam           | []                       []      []               | 19
     gpe-bluetooth      | []                       []      []               | 13
     gpe-calendar       | []                       []  []  []               | 12
     gpe-clock          | []                 []    []  []  []               | 28
     gpe-conf           | []                       []  []  []               | 20
     gpe-contacts       | []                       []      []               | 17
     gpe-edit           | []                       []      []               | 12
     gpe-filemanager    | []                       []  []  []               | 16
     gpe-go             | []                 []    []  []  []               | 25
     gpe-login          | []                       []      []               | 11
     gpe-ownerinfo      | []                 []    []      []          []   | 25
     gpe-package        | []                       []      []               | 13
     gpe-sketchbook     | []                       []      []               | 20
     gpe-su             | []                 []    []  []  []               | 30
     gpe-taskmanager    | []                 []    []  []  []               | 29
     gpe-timesheet      | []                 []    []      []          []   | 25
     gpe-today          | []                 []    []  []  []          []   | 30
     gpe-todo           | []                       []  []  []               | 17
     gphoto2            | []                    [] []      []          []   | 24
     gprof              | []                 []    []                       | 15
     gpsdrive           | []                       []      []               | 11
     gramadoir          | []                       []      []               | 11
     grep               |                 []       []      []               | 10
     grub               | []                       []      []               | 14
     gsasl              | []                       []      []          []   | 14
     gss                | []                       []      []               | 11
     gst-plugins-bad    | []                 []    []      []               | 26
     gst-plugins-base   | []                 [] [] []      []               | 24
     gst-plugins-good   | []                 []    []      []               | 24
     gst-plugins-ugly   | []                 [] [] []      []               | 29
     gstreamer          | []                    [] []      []               | 22
     gtick              |                       [] []      []               | 13
     gtkam              | []                       []      []               | 20
     gtkorphan          | []                       []      []               | 14
     gtkspell           | []              [] [] [] []  []  []    []    []   | 45
     gutenprint         | []                                                | 10
     hello              | []              [] []    []      []          []   | 21
     help2man           | []                       []                       |  7
     hylafax            |                          []                       |  5
     idutils            | []                 []    []      []               | 17
     indent             | []                 [] [] []      []          []   | 30
     iso_15924          |                 ()    [] ()      []          []   | 16
     iso_3166           | []        []    () [] [] ()  []  []    []    ()   | 53
     iso_3166_2         |                 ()    [] ()      []               |  9
     iso_4217           | []              () [] [] ()      []    []         | 26
     iso_639            | []     [] []    ()    [] ()  []  []    []    []   | 38
     iso_639_3          |        []                ()                       |  8
     jwhois             | []                 []    []      []          []   | 16
     kbd                | []                 [] [] []      []               | 15
     keytouch           | []                       []      []               | 16
     keytouch-editor    | []                       []      []               | 14
     keytouch-keyboa... | []                       []      []               | 14
     klavaro            |                          []                       | 11
     latrine            |                    []    []      []               | 10
     ld                 | []                 []    []                  []   | 11
     leafpad            | []                 [] [] []      []          []   | 33
     libc               | []                 []    []      []          []   | 21
     libexif            |                          []      ()               |  7
     libextractor       |                          []                       |  1
     libgnutls          | []                       []      []               |  9
     libgpewidget       | []                       []      []               | 14
     libgpg-error       | []                       []      []               |  9
     libgphoto2         |                       [] []                       |  8
     libgphoto2_port    | []                    [] []                  []   | 14
     libgsasl           | []                       []      []               | 13
     libiconv           | []                       []  []  []               | 21
     libidn             | ()                       []      []               | 11
     lifelines          | []                                                |  4
     liferea            | []                 []            []               | 21
     lilypond           |                          []                       |  7
     linkdr             | []                 []    []      []          []   | 17
     lordsawar          |                                                   |  1
     lprng              |                          []                       |  3
     lynx               | []                 [] [] []                       | 17
     m4                 | []                       []      []          []   | 19
     mailfromd          |                       [] []                       |  3
     mailutils          |                          []                       |  5
     make               | []                 []    []      []               | 21
     man-db             | []                       []      []               |  8
     man-db-manpages    |                                                   |  4
     minicom            | []                       []                       | 16
     mkisofs            |                          []      []               |  9
     myserver           |                                                   |  0
     nano               | []                       []      []          []   | 21
     opcodes            | []                 []    []                       | 11
     parted             | []                 [] [] []                  []   | 15
     pies               |                       [] []                       |  3
     popt               | []              [] []    []      []          []   | 27
     psmisc             | []                       []                       | 11
     pspp               |                                                   |  4
     pwdutils           | []                       []                       |  6
     radius             |                       [] []                       |  9
     recode             | []                 []    []      []               | 28
     rosegarden         | ()                                                |  0
     rpm                | []                       []                  []   | 11
     rush               |                       [] []                       |  4
     sarg               |                                                   |  1
     screem             |                          []                       |  3
     scrollkeeper       | []                 [] [] []                  []   | 27
     sed                | []                 []    []      []          []   | 30
     sharutils          | []                 []    []      []          []   | 22
     shishi             |                          []                       |  3
     skencil            | []                       []                       |  7
     solfege            | []                 []    []      []               | 16
     solfege-manual     |                    []                             |  8
     soundtracker       | []                 []    []                       |  9
     sp                 |                    []                             |  3
     sysstat            |                          []      []               | 15
     tar                | []                 [] [] []      []          []   | 23
     texinfo            | []                 [] [] []      []               | 17
     tin                |                                                   |  4
d1021 9
a1029 11
     util-linux-ng      | []                 [] [] []                       | 20
     vice               | ()                 ()                             |  1
     vmm                |                          []                       |  4
     vorbis-tools       |                          []                       |  6
     wastesedge         |                                                   |  2
     wdiff              | []                       []                       |  7
     wget               | []                 []    []      []          []   | 26
     wyslij-po          |                       [] []                       |  8
     xchat              | []              []    [] []      []          []   | 36
     xdg-user-dirs      | []     [] []    [] [] [] []      []    []    []   | 63
     xkeyboard-config   | []                    [] []                       | 22
d1031 2
a1032 2
       85 teams           sv  sw ta te tg th tr uk vi  wa zh_CN zh_HK zh_TW
      178 domains         119  1  3  3  0 10 65 51 155 17  98     7    41    2618
d1045 3
a1047 3
   If June 2010 seems to be old, you may fetch a more recent copy of
this `ABOUT-NLS' file on most GNU archive sites.  The most up-to-date
matrix with full percentage details can be found at
d1050 1
a1050 1
1.5 Using `gettext' in new packages
@


1.1
log
@Initial revision
@
text
@d1 2
a2 2
Notes on the Free Translation Project
*************************************
d6 3
a8 2
together, so that will gradually become able to speak many languages.
A few packages already provide translations for their messages.
d19 1
a19 1
work at translations should contact the appropriate team.
d21 2
a22 30
   When reporting bugs in the `intl/' directory or bugs which may be
related to internationalization, you should tell about the version of
`gettext' which is used.  The information can be found in the
`intl/VERSION' file, in internationalized packages.

Quick configuration advice
==========================

If you want to exploit the full power of internationalization, you
should configure it using

     ./configure --with-included-gettext

to force usage of internationalizing routines provided within this
package, despite the existence of internationalizing capabilities in the
operating system where this package is being installed.  So far, only
the `gettext' implementation in the GNU C library version 2 provides as
many features (such as locale alias, message inheritance, automatic
charset conversion or plural form handling) as the implementation here.
It is also not possible to offer this additional functionality on top
of a `catgets' implementation.  Future versions of GNU `gettext' will
very likely convey even more functionality.  So it might be a good idea
to change to GNU `gettext' as soon as possible.

   So you need _not_ provide this option if you are using GNU libc 2 or
you have installed a recent copy of the GNU gettext package with the
included `libintl'.

INSTALL Matters
===============
d31 3
a33 6
provides the GNU `gettext' functions.  If not, the GNU `gettext' own
library will be used.  This library is wholly contained within this
package, usually in the `intl/' subdirectory, so prior installation of
the GNU `gettext' package is _not_ required.  Installers may use
special options at configuration time for changing the default
behaviour.  The commands:
a34 1
     ./configure --with-included-gettext
d37 1
a37 3
will respectively bypass any pre-existing `gettext' to use the
internationalizing routines provided within this package, or else,
_totally_ disable translation of messages.
d41 3
a43 14
probably detect the previously built and installed `libintl.a' file and
will decide to use this.  This might be not what is desirable.  You
should use the more recent version of the GNU `gettext' library.  I.e.
if the file `intl/VERSION' shows that the library which comes with this
package is more recent, you should use

     ./configure --with-included-gettext

to prevent auto-detection.

   The configuration process will not test for the `catgets' function
and therefore it will not be used.  The reason is that even an
emulation of `gettext' on top of `catgets' could not provide all the
extensions of the GNU `gettext' library.
d45 1
a45 1
   Internationalized packages have usually many `po/LL.po' files, where
d54 2
a55 2
Using This Package
==================
d59 5
a63 2
`LL_CC' combination.  Here `LL' is an ISO 639 two-letter language code,
and `CC' is an ISO 3166 two-letter country code.  For example, let's
d79 2
a80 2
locales supported by your system for your country by running the command
`locale -a | grep '^LL''.
d106 2
a107 2
Translating Teams
=================
d114 1
a114 2
`http://www.iro.umontreal.ca/contrib/po/HTML/', in the "National teams"
area.
d128 2
a129 2
get started, please write to `translation@@iro.umontreal.ca' to reach the
coordinator for all translator teams.
d132 2
a133 2
the terminology in use.  Proven linguistic skill are praised more than
programming skill, here.
d135 2
a136 2
Available Packages
==================
d139 2
a140 2
matrix shows the current state of internationalization, as of January
2004.  The matrix shows, in regard of each package, for which languages
d144 185
a328 138
     Ready PO files       af am ar az be bg bs ca cs da de el en en_GB eo es
                        +----------------------------------------------------+
     a2ps               |             []             [] [] []                |
     aegis              |                               ()                   |
     ant-phone          |                               ()                   |
     anubis             |                                                    |
     ap-utils           |                                                    |
     aspell             |             []                                     |
     bash               |                      []       []             [] [] |
     batchelor          |                                                    |
     bfd                |                            []                   [] |
     binutils           |                            []                   [] |
     bison              |                            [] []                [] |
     bluez-pin          | []                      []                   []    |
     clisp              |                                                    |
     clisp              |                               []    []          [] |
     console-tools      |                         []    []                   |
     coreutils          |                      []    [] []                [] |
     cpio               |                            [] []                [] |
     darkstat           |                []          ()                   [] |
     diffutils          |                      [] [] [] [] []          [] [] |
     e2fsprogs          |                         []    []                [] |
     enscript           |                      []    [] []        []         |
     error              |                      []    [] []        []      [] |
     fetchmail          |                      [] () [] [] []             [] |
     fileutils          |                            [] []                [] |
     findutils          |             []       []    [] [] []          [] [] |
     flex               |                      []    [] []                [] |
     fslint             |                                                    |
     gas                |                                                 [] |
     gawk               |                      []    [] []                [] |
     gbiff              |                               []                   |
     gcal               |                      []                            |
     gcc                |                            []                   [] |
     gettext            |             []       []    [] []                [] |
     gettext-examples   | []                   []       []                [] |
     gettext-runtime    |             []       []    [] []                [] |
     gettext-tools      |                      []       []                [] |
     gimp-print         |                         [] [] []        []      [] |
     gliv               |                                                    |
     glunarclock        |                            [] []                   |
     gnubiff            |                               []                   |
     gnucash            |                         []    ()        []      [] |
     gnucash-glossary   |                            [] ()                [] |
     gnupg              |                      [] ()    [] []          [] [] |
     gpe-aerial         |                         []                         |
     gpe-beam           |                         []    []                   |
     gpe-calendar       |                         []    []                   |
     gpe-clock          |                         []    []                   |
     gpe-conf           |                         []    []                   |
     gpe-contacts       |                         []    []                   |
     gpe-edit           |                         []                         |
     gpe-go             |                         []                         |
     gpe-login          |                         []    []                   |
     gpe-ownerinfo      |                         []    []                   |
     gpe-sketchbook     |                         []    []                   |
     gpe-su             |                         []    []                   |
     gpe-taskmanager    |                         []    []                   |
     gpe-timesheet      |                         []                         |
     gpe-today          |                         []    []                   |
     gpe-todo           |                         []    []                   |
     gphoto2            |                         [] [] []                [] |
     gprof              |                            [] []                [] |
     gpsdrive           |                               ()    ()          () |
     gramadoir          |                               []                   |
     grep               |             [] []    []       [] []             [] |
     gretl              |                                                 [] |
     gtick              | []                            ()                   |
     hello              |                      []    [] [] []          [] [] |
     id-utils           |                            [] []                   |
     indent             |                      []       []             [] [] |
     iso_3166           |          []    [] [] [] [] [] [] []          [] [] |
     iso_3166_1         |                      [] [] [] [] []             [] |
     iso_3166_2         |                                                    |
     iso_3166_3         |                               []                   |
     iso_4217           |                      []    [] []                [] |
     iso_639            |                                                    |
     jpilot             |                         [] []                   [] |
     jtag               |                                                    |
     jwhois             |                                                 [] |
     kbd                |                         [] [] [] []             [] |
     latrine            |                               ()                   |
     ld                 |                            []                   [] |
     libc               |                      [] [] [] [] []             [] |
     libgpewidget       |                         []    []                   |
     libiconv           |                      []    [] []             [] [] |
     lifelines          |                            [] ()                   |
     lilypond           |                               []                   |
     lingoteach         |                                                    |
     lingoteach_lessons |                               ()                () |
     lynx               |                      [] [] [] []                   |
     m4                 |                         [] [] [] []                |
     mailutils          |                      []                         [] |
     make               |                            [] []                [] |
     man-db             |                      [] () [] []                () |
     minicom            |                         []    []                [] |
     mysecretdiary      |                            [] []                [] |
     nano               |                      [] () [] []                [] |
     nano_1_0           |                      [] () [] []                [] |
     opcodes            |                                                 [] |
     parted             |                      [] [] [] []                [] |
     ptx                |                      []    [] []             [] [] |
     python             |                                                    |
     radius             |                                                 [] |
     recode             |             []       []    [] [] []          [] [] |
     rpm                |                         [] []                      |
     screem             |                                                    |
     scrollkeeper       |             []       [] [] [] []                [] |
     sed                | []                   []    [] []             [] [] |
     sh-utils           |                            [] []                [] |
     shared-mime-info   |                                                    |
     sharutils          |                      [] [] [] [] []             [] |
     silky              |                               ()                   |
     skencil            |                            [] ()                [] |
     sketch             |                            [] ()                [] |
     soundtracker       |                            [] []                [] |
     sp                 |                               []                   |
     tar                |                         [] [] []                [] |
     texinfo            |                            [] []             []    |
     textutils          |                      []    [] []                [] |
     tin                |                               ()        ()         |
     tp-robot           |                                                    |
     tuxpaint           |                      [] [] [] [] []     []      [] |
     unicode-han-tra... |                                                    |
     unicode-transla... |                                                    |
     util-linux         |                      [] [] [] []                [] |
     vorbis-tools       |             []          [] []                   [] |
     wastesedge         |                               ()                   |
     wdiff              |                      []    [] []                [] |
     wget               |                []    []    [] [] []             [] |
     xchat              |                      []       [] []             [] |
     xfree86_xkb_xml    |                         [] []                      |
     xpad               |                                                 [] |
                        +----------------------------------------------------+
                          af am ar az be bg bs ca cs da de el en en_GB eo es
                           4  0  0  1  9  4  1 40 41 60 78 17  1   5   13 68
     
                          et eu fa fi fr ga gl he hr hu id is it ja ko lg
d330 151
a480 104
     a2ps               | []       [] []                      ()    ()    |
     aegis              |                                                 |
     ant-phone          |             []                                  |
     anubis             |             []                                  |
     ap-utils           |             []                                  |
     aspell             |             [] []                               |
     bash               |             []             []                   |
     batchelor          |             [] []                               |
     bfd                |             []                                  |
     binutils           |             []                         []       |
     bison              | []          []                []    []          |
     bluez-pin          |          [] [] []          [] []                |
     clisp              |                                                 |
     clisp              |             []                                  |
     console-tools      |                                                 |
     coreutils          | []       [] [] []                   [] []       |
     cpio               |             []    []       []             []    |
     darkstat           |             () []          [] []                |
     diffutils          |          [] []    [] []    [] []       []       |
     e2fsprogs          |                                                 |
     enscript           |             []          []                      |
     error              |          [] [] []          []                   |
     fetchmail          |                                        []       |
     fileutils          | []          [] []          []       [] []       |
     findutils          | []       [] [] [] []    [] [] []    [] [] []    |
     flex               |             [] []                         []    |
     fslint             |             []                                  |
     gas                |             []                                  |
     gawk               |             []       []                []       |
     gbiff              |             []                                  |
     gcal               |             []                                  |
     gcc                |             []                                  |
     gettext            |             []                         [] []    |
     gettext-examples   |             []                         []       |
     gettext-runtime    |          [] []                []       [] []    |
     gettext-tools      |             []                         [] []    |
     gimp-print         |             []                         []       |
     gliv               |             ()                                  |
     glunarclock        |          []    [] []       []                   |
     gnubiff            |             []                                  |
     gnucash            |             ()                      []          |
     gnucash-glossary   |                                     []          |
     gnupg              | []       [] []    []          []    [] []       |
     gpe-aerial         |             []                                  |
     gpe-beam           |             []                                  |
     gpe-calendar       |             []             [] []                |
     gpe-clock          |             []                                  |
     gpe-conf           |             []                                  |
     gpe-contacts       |             []             []                   |
     gpe-edit           |             []                []                |
     gpe-go             |             []                                  |
     gpe-login          |             []             []                   |
     gpe-ownerinfo      |             []             [] []                |
     gpe-sketchbook     |             []                                  |
     gpe-su             |             []                                  |
     gpe-taskmanager    |             []                                  |
     gpe-timesheet      |             [] []             []                |
     gpe-today          |             [] []                               |
     gpe-todo           |             []                []                |
     gphoto2            |             []             []          []       |
     gprof              |             []                []                |
     gpsdrive           |             ()                      () ()       |
     gramadoir          |             [] []                               |
     grep               | []       [] [] [] [] [] [] [] []    [] []       |
     gretl              |             []                      []          |
     gtick              |          [] [] []                               |
     hello              | []    [] [] [] [] [] [] [] [] []    [] [] []    |
     id-utils           |             []             [] []    []          |
     indent             | []       [] [] [] []       [] []    [] []       |
     iso_3166           |    []       [] []       [] [] []    []          |
     iso_3166_1         |    []       [] []          [] []                |
     iso_3166_2         |                                                 |
     iso_3166_3         |                                                 |
     iso_4217           | []          []    []       []       [] []       |
     iso_639            |                                                 |
     jpilot             |             []                         ()       |
     jtag               |             []                                  |
     jwhois             |             []             [] []    []          |
     kbd                |             []                                  |
     latrine            |             []                                  |
     ld                 |             []                                  |
     libc               |          [] []    []       []          [] []    |
     libgpewidget       |             [] []          [] []                |
     libiconv           | []       [] [] [] []    [] [] []    []          |
     lifelines          |             ()                                  |
     lilypond           |             []                                  |
     lingoteach         |             []                []                |
     lingoteach_lessons |                                                 |
     lynx               | []                         []       [] []       |
     m4                 |             []    []          []       []       |
     mailutils          |                                                 |
     make               |             []    [] [] []             [] []    |
     man-db             |                                     () ()       |
     minicom            |          [] []             []          []       |
     mysecretdiary      |             []                []                |
     nano               |             []    []          []    []          |
     nano_1_0           |             []    []          []    []          |
     opcodes            |             []                                  |
     parted             |             []    []                   []       |
     ptx                | []       [] [] [] []       [] []                |
     python             |                                                 |
     radius             |             []                                  |
     recode             |             []    [] []    [] []    []          |
     rpm                |             []                            []    |
d482 13
a494 16
     scrollkeeper       |                            []                   |
     sed                | []       [] [] [] []       [] []    [] []       |
     sh-utils           | []       [] [] []          []       [] []       |
     shared-mime-info   |          [] []             []                   |
     sharutils          | []          []    []       []          []       |
     silky              |          () []             ()       ()          |
     skencil            |             []                                  |
     sketch             |             []                                  |
     soundtracker       |             []                      []          |
     sp                 |             []                         ()       |
     tar                | []       [] []    []    [] [] []    [] []       |
     texinfo            |             []       [] []             []       |
     textutils          |             [] [] []       []          [] []    |
     tin                | []          ()                                  |
     tp-robot           |             []                                  |
     tuxpaint           |          [] []       []    [] [] [] [] [] []    |
d496 12
a507 9
     unicode-transla... |             [] []                               |
     util-linux         | []       [] []             []       () []       |
     vorbis-tools       |             []                                  |
     wastesedge         |             ()                                  |
     wdiff              | []          [] [] []       [] []                |
     wget               | []       [] []    []    [] []          []       |
     xchat              | []       [] []                                  |
     xfree86_xkb_xml    |             []             []                   |
     xpad               |             [] []                               |
d509 738
a1246 276
                          et eu fa fi fr ga gl he hr hu id is it ja ko lg
                          22  2  1 26 106 28 24  8 10 41 33  1 26 33 12  0
     
                          lt lv mk mn ms mt nb nl nn no nso pl pt pt_BR ro ru
                        +-----------------------------------------------------+
     a2ps               |             []       []    ()     ()     []   [] [] |
     aegis              |                      ()                       () () |
     ant-phone          |                      []                       []    |
     anubis             |             []    [] []           []          [] [] |
     ap-utils           |                      []           ()          []    |
     aspell             |                      []                             |
     bash               |                                          []   [] [] |
     batchelor          |                                               []    |
     bfd                |                                               []    |
     binutils           |                                                  [] |
     bison              |             []       []                  []   [] [] |
     bluez-pin          |                      []           []          []    |
     clisp              |                                                     |
     clisp              |                      []                             |
     console-tools      |                                                  [] |
     coreutils          |                                   []             [] |
     cpio               |                      []           []     []   [] [] |
     darkstat           |             []       []                  []   []    |
     diffutils          |             []       []           []     []   [] [] |
     e2fsprogs          |                                   []                |
     enscript           |                      []                  []   [] [] |
     error              |                      []                  []   []    |
     fetchmail          |                      []           []     ()      [] |
     fileutils          |                                   []          [] [] |
     findutils          |                      []           []     []   [] [] |
     flex               |                                   []     []   [] [] |
     fslint             |                      []                       []    |
     gas                |                                                     |
     gawk               |                                   []     []   []    |
     gbiff              |                      []                       []    |
     gcal               |                                                     |
     gcc                |                                                     |
     gettext            |                                   []          [] [] |
     gettext-examples   |                      []           []          []    |
     gettext-runtime    |                      []           []          [] [] |
     gettext-tools      |                                   []          []    |
     gimp-print         |                      []                             |
     gliv               |                      []                  []   []    |
     glunarclock        |             []       []                       [] [] |
     gnubiff            |                      []                             |
     gnucash            |                      []              []  ()      [] |
     gnucash-glossary   |                      []              []             |
     gnupg              |                                               []    |
     gpe-aerial         |                      []              []       [] [] |
     gpe-beam           |                      []              []       [] [] |
     gpe-calendar       |                      []              []       [] [] |
     gpe-clock          |                      []              []       [] [] |
     gpe-conf           |                      []              []       [] [] |
     gpe-contacts       |                      []              []       [] [] |
     gpe-edit           |                      []              []       [] [] |
     gpe-go             |                      []                       [] [] |
     gpe-login          |                      []              []       [] [] |
     gpe-ownerinfo      |                      []              []       [] [] |
     gpe-sketchbook     |                      []              []       [] [] |
     gpe-su             |                      []              []       [] [] |
     gpe-taskmanager    |                      []              []       [] [] |
     gpe-timesheet      |                      []              []       [] [] |
     gpe-today          |                      []              []       [] [] |
     gpe-todo           |                      []              []       [] [] |
     gphoto2            |                                               []    |
     gprof              |                                          []   []    |
     gpsdrive           |                      ()    ()                 []    |
     gramadoir          |                      ()                       []    |
     grep               |                                   [] []  []   [] [] |
     gretl              |                                                     |
     gtick              |                      []                       [] [] |
     hello              |    []       []    [] [] [] []     []     []   [] [] |
     id-utils           |                      []                  []   [] [] |
     indent             |                      []                  []   [] [] |
     iso_3166           |          []                [] []                    |
     iso_3166_1         |                      []    []                       |
     iso_3166_2         |                                                     |
     iso_3166_3         |                      []                             |
     iso_4217           |          []          [] [] []     [] []  []      [] |
     iso_639            |          []                                         |
     jpilot             |                      ()    ()                       |
     jtag               |                                                     |
     jwhois             |                      []           []     []   [] () |
     kbd                |                      []           []          []    |
     latrine            |                                               []    |
     ld                 |                                                     |
     libc               |                   []       []     []     []         |
     libgpewidget       |                      []              []       []    |
     libiconv           |                      []           []     []   [] [] |
     lifelines          |                                                     |
     lilypond           |                                                     |
     lingoteach         |                                                     |
     lingoteach_lessons |                                                     |
     lynx               |                      []                  []      [] |
     m4                 |                      []           []     []   [] [] |
     mailutils          |                                   []          [] [] |
     make               |                      []           []     []      [] |
     man-db             |                                               []    |
     minicom            |                                   []     []   [] [] |
     mysecretdiary      |                      []                  []   []    |
     nano               |             []       []           []          [] [] |
     nano_1_0           |             []    []    []        []          [] [] |
     opcodes            |                      []                       []    |
     parted             |                         []        [] []  []         |
     ptx                |                   [] []    []     [] []  []   [] [] |
     python             |                                                     |
     radius             |                                   []             [] |
     recode             |                                   []     []   [] [] |
     rpm                |                                   [] []          [] |
     screem             |                                                     |
     scrollkeeper       |                   [] []           []          [] [] |
     sed                |                                   []     []   []    |
     sh-utils           |                   []                             [] |
     shared-mime-info   |                      [] []                          |
     sharutils          |                      []                          [] |
     silky              |                                                  () |
     skencil            |                                      []  []         |
     sketch             |                                      []  []         |
     soundtracker       |                                                     |
     sp                 |                                                     |
     tar                |             []    []       []     []     []   []    |
     texinfo            |                   []              []          [] [] |
     textutils          |                   []                             [] |
     tin                |                                                     |
     tp-robot           |                      []                             |
     tuxpaint           | []          []       [] []        [] []  []   []    |
     unicode-han-tra... |                                                     |
     unicode-transla... |                                                     |
     util-linux         |                      []                  []      [] |
     vorbis-tools       |                      []                       [] [] |
     wastesedge         |                                                     |
     wdiff              |             []                    []     []   [] [] |
     wget               |                                   []          [] [] |
     xchat              |    []                []                          [] |
     xfree86_xkb_xml    |                      []                          [] |
     xpad               |                      []                       []    |
                        +-----------------------------------------------------+
                          lt lv mk mn ms mt nb nl nn no nso pl pt pt_BR ro ru
                           1  2  0  3 12  0 10 69  6  7  1  40 26  36   76 63
     
                          sk sl sr sv ta th tr uk ven vi wa xh zh_CN zh_TW zu
                        +-----------------------------------------------------+
     a2ps               |    []    []       [] []                             | 16
     aegis              |                                                     |  0
     ant-phone          |                                                     |  3
     anubis             |                   [] []                             |  9
     ap-utils           |                      ()                             |  3
     aspell             |                                                     |  4
     bash               |                                                     |  9
     batchelor          |                                                     |  3
     bfd                |          []       []                                |  6
     binutils           |          []       []                  []            |  8
     bison              |          []       []                                | 14
     bluez-pin          | []       []                    []                   | 14
     clisp              |                                                     |  0
     clisp              |                                                     |  5
     console-tools      |                                                     |  3
     coreutils          |    []    []       []                        []      | 16
     cpio               |          []                           []            | 14
     darkstat           | []    [] []                           ()    ()      | 12
     diffutils          |          []       []                        []      | 23
     e2fsprogs          |          []       []                                |  6
     enscript           |          []       []                                | 12
     error              | []                []                        []      | 15
     fetchmail          | []                []                                | 11
     fileutils          |    []    []       []                  []    []      | 17
     findutils          | [] [] [] []       []                  []            | 29
     flex               |          []       []                                | 13
     fslint             |                                                     |  3
     gas                |                   []                                |  3
     gawk               |          []       []                                | 12
     gbiff              |                                                     |  4
     gcal               |          []       []                                |  4
     gcc                |                   []                                |  4
     gettext            | [] []    []       []                        []      | 16
     gettext-examples   | []    [] []       []                  []            | 14
     gettext-runtime    | [] [] [] []       [] []               []    []      | 22
     gettext-tools      | [] [] [] []       []                  []            | 14
     gimp-print         | []       []                                         | 10
     gliv               |                                                     |  3
     glunarclock        |       [] []                    []                   | 13
     gnubiff            |                                                     |  3
     gnucash            | []                                          []      |  9
     gnucash-glossary   | []       []                                 []      |  8
     gnupg              | []       []       []                        []      | 17
     gpe-aerial         |          []                                         |  7
     gpe-beam           |          []                                         |  8
     gpe-calendar       | []       []                    []           []      | 13
     gpe-clock          | []    [] []                                         | 10
     gpe-conf           | []       []                                         |  9
     gpe-contacts       | []       []                                 []      | 11
     gpe-edit           | []    [] []                    []           []      | 12
     gpe-go             |                                                     |  5
     gpe-login          | []    [] []                    []           []      | 13
     gpe-ownerinfo      | []    [] []                                 []      | 13
     gpe-sketchbook     | []       []                                         |  9
     gpe-su             | []    [] []                                         | 10
     gpe-taskmanager    | []    [] []                                         | 10
     gpe-timesheet      | []    [] []                                 []      | 12
     gpe-today          | []    [] []                    []           []      | 13
     gpe-todo           | []       []                    []           []      | 12
     gphoto2            | []       []                           []            | 11
     gprof              |          []       []                                |  9
     gpsdrive           | []       []                                         |  3
     gramadoir          | []                                                  |  5
     grep               |    [] []          [] []                             | 26
     gretl              |                                                     |  3
     gtick              |                                                     |  7
     hello              | []    [] []       [] []                             | 34
     id-utils           |          []       []                                | 12
     indent             | []    [] []       []                                | 21
     iso_3166           | [] [] [] []       []    []     []                   | 27
     iso_3166_1         | [] []             []                                | 16
     iso_3166_2         |                                                     |  0
     iso_3166_3         |                                                     |  2
     iso_4217           | [] []    []       [] []               []            | 24
     iso_639            |                                                     |  1
     jpilot             |          []       []        []        []    []      |  9
     jtag               | []                                                  |  2
     jwhois             |          ()       []                        []      | 11
     kbd                |          []       []                                | 11
     latrine            |                                                     |  2
     ld                 |          []       []                                |  5
     libc               | []       []       []                  []            | 20
     libgpewidget       | []    [] []                    []                   | 13
     libiconv           | [] [] [] []       [] []        []     []            | 27
     lifelines          |          []                                         |  2
     lilypond           |          []                                         |  3
     lingoteach         |                                                     |  2
     lingoteach_lessons |                                       ()            |  0
     lynx               |          []       [] []                             | 14
     m4                 |          []                           []            | 15
     mailutils          |                                                     |  5
     make               |          []       []                  []            | 16
     man-db             |          []                                         |  5
     minicom            |                                                     | 11
     mysecretdiary      |          []       []                                | 10
     nano               |       [] []       [] []                             | 17
     nano_1_0           |          []       [] []                             | 17
     opcodes            |          []       []                                |  6
     parted             |          []       []                  []            | 15
     ptx                |          []       []                                | 22
     python             |                                                     |  0
     radius             |                                                     |  4
     recode             |    []    []       []                                | 20
     rpm                |          []       []                                |  9
     screem             |          []                           []            |  2
     scrollkeeper       | []    [] []                                         | 15
     sed                | [] [] [] []       [] []                             | 24
     sh-utils           |    []             []                                | 14
     shared-mime-info   |       [] []                                         |  7
     sharutils          |       [] []       []                        []      | 17
     silky              | ()                                                  |  3
     skencil            |          []                                         |  6
     sketch             |          []                                         |  6
     soundtracker       | []       []                                         |  7
     sp                 |                   []                                |  3
     tar                | [] []    []       []                  []            | 24
     texinfo            |          []       []                  []            | 14
     textutils          |    []    []       []                        []      | 16
     tin                |                                                     |  1
     tp-robot           |                                                     |  2
     tuxpaint           | []       []       []           []     []            | 29
     unicode-han-tra... |                                                     |  0
     unicode-transla... |                                                     |  2
     util-linux         |          []       []                                | 15
     vorbis-tools       |                                                     |  8
     wastesedge         |                                                     |  0
     wdiff              | []       []       []                                | 18
     wget               | [] [] [] []       [] []               []    []      | 24
     xchat              | [] [] [] []                           []            | 15
     xfree86_xkb_xml    | []    []          [] []               []            | 11
     xpad               |                                                     |  5
                        +-----------------------------------------------------+
       63 teams           sk sl sr sv ta th tr uk ven vi wa xh zh_CN zh_TW zu
      131 domains         47 19 28 83  0  0 59 13  1   1 11  0  22    22    0  1373
d1259 1
a1259 1
   If January 2004 seems to be old, you may fetch a more recent copy of
d1262 1
a1262 1
`http://www.iro.umontreal.ca/contrib/po/HTML/matrix.html'.
d1264 2
a1265 2
Using `gettext' in new packages
===============================
d1280 2
a1281 2
`translation@@iro.umontreal.ca' to make the `.pot' files available to
the translation teams.
@


1.1.1.1
log
@Import xkeyboard-config version 1.6.
@
text
@@
