head	1.1;
branch	1.1.1;
access;
symbols
	OPENBSD_6_0:1.1.1.1.0.34
	OPENBSD_6_0_BASE:1.1.1.1
	OPENBSD_5_9:1.1.1.1.0.30
	OPENBSD_5_9_BASE:1.1.1.1
	OPENBSD_5_8:1.1.1.1.0.32
	OPENBSD_5_8_BASE:1.1.1.1
	OPENBSD_5_7:1.1.1.1.0.28
	OPENBSD_5_7_BASE:1.1.1.1
	OPENBSD_5_6:1.1.1.1.0.26
	OPENBSD_5_6_BASE:1.1.1.1
	OPENBSD_5_5:1.1.1.1.0.24
	OPENBSD_5_5_BASE:1.1.1.1
	OPENBSD_5_4:1.1.1.1.0.22
	OPENBSD_5_4_BASE:1.1.1.1
	OPENBSD_5_3:1.1.1.1.0.20
	OPENBSD_5_3_BASE:1.1.1.1
	OPENBSD_5_2:1.1.1.1.0.18
	OPENBSD_5_2_BASE:1.1.1.1
	OPENBSD_5_1_BASE:1.1.1.1
	OPENBSD_5_1:1.1.1.1.0.16
	OPENBSD_5_0:1.1.1.1.0.14
	OPENBSD_5_0_BASE:1.1.1.1
	OPENBSD_4_9:1.1.1.1.0.12
	OPENBSD_4_9_BASE:1.1.1.1
	OPENBSD_4_8:1.1.1.1.0.10
	OPENBSD_4_8_BASE:1.1.1.1
	OPENBSD_4_7:1.1.1.1.0.8
	OPENBSD_4_7_BASE:1.1.1.1
	OPENBSD_4_6:1.1.1.1.0.6
	OPENBSD_4_6_BASE:1.1.1.1
	OPENBSD_4_5:1.1.1.1.0.4
	OPENBSD_4_5_BASE:1.1.1.1
	OPENBSD_4_4:1.1.1.1.0.2
	OPENBSD_4_4_BASE:1.1.1.1
	phessler_20080706:1.1.1.1
	phessler:1.1.1;
locks; strict;
comment	@# @;


1.1
date	2008.07.06.16.48.48;	author phessler;	state Exp;
branches
	1.1.1.1;
next	;

1.1.1.1
date	2008.07.06.16.48.48;	author phessler;	state Exp;
branches;
next	;


desc
@@



1.1
log
@Initial revision
@
text
@(Copied from http://www.acpica.org/downloads/unix_source_code.php on 
 June 13, 2008)

IMPORTANT - READ BEFORE COPYING, INSTALLING OR USING.
Do not use or load this software and any associated materials 
(collectively, the "Software") until you have carefully read the 
following terms and conditions. By loading or using the Software, you 
agree to the terms of this Agreement. If you do not wish to so agree, 
do not install or use the Software.

1. COPYRIGHT NOTICE
Some or all of this work - Copyright  1999-2008, Intel Corp. All rights 
reserved.

2. LICENSE

2.1. This is your license from Intel Corp. under its intellectual 
property rights. You may have additional license terms from the party 
that provided you this software, covering your right to use that 
party's intellectual property rights.

2.2. Intel grants, free of charge, to any person ("Licensee") obtaining 
a copy of the source code appearing in this file ("Covered Code") an 
irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide license under Intel's copyrights in 
the base code distributed originally by Intel ("Original Intel Code") 
to copy, make derivatives, distribute, use and display any portion of 
the Covered Code in any form, with the right to sublicense such rights; 
and

2.3. Intel grants Licensee a non-exclusive and non-transferable patent 
license (with the right to sublicense), under only those claims of 
Intel patents that are infringed by the Original Intel Code, to make, 
use, sell, offer to sell, and import the Covered Code and derivative 
works thereof solely to the minimum extent necessary to exercise the 
above copyright license, and in no event shall the patent license 
extend to any additions to or modifications of the Original Intel Code. 
No other license or right is granted directly or by implication, 
estoppel or otherwise; The above copyright and patent license is 
granted only if the following conditions are met:

3. CONDITIONS

3.1. Redistribution of Source with Rights to Further Distribute Source. 
Redistribution of source code of any substantial portion of the Covered 
Code or modification with rights to further distribute source must 
include the above Copyright Notice, the above License, this list of 
Conditions, and the following Disclaimer and Export Compliance 
provision. In addition, Licensee must cause all Covered Code to which 
Licensee contributes to contain a file documenting the changes Licensee 
made to create that Covered Code and the date of any change. Licensee 
must include in that file the documentation of any changes made by any 
predecessor Licensee. Licensee must include a prominent statement that 
the modification is derived, directly or indirectly, from Original 
Intel Code.

3.2. Redistribution of Source with no Rights to Further Distribute 
Source. Redistribution of source code of any substantial portion of the 
Covered Code or modification without rights to further distribute 
source must include the following Disclaimer and Export Compliance 
provision in the documentation and/or other materials provided with 
distribution. In addition, Licensee may not authorize further 
sublicense of source of any portion of the Covered Code, and must 
include terms to the effect that the license from Licensee to its 
licensee is limited to the intellectual property embodied in the 
software Licensee provides to its licensee, and not to intellectual 
property embodied in modifications its licensee may make.

3.3. Redistribution of Executable. Redistribution in executable form of 
any substantial portion of the Covered Code or modification must 
reproduce the above Copyright Notice, and the following Disclaimer and 
Export Compliance provision in the documentation and/or other materials 
provided with the distribution.

3.4. Intel retains all right, title, and interest in and to the 
Original Intel Code.

3.5. Neither the name Intel nor any other trademark owned or controlled 
by Intel shall be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, 
use or other dealings in products derived from or relating to the 
Covered Code without prior written authorization from Intel.

4. DISCLAIMER AND EXPORT COMPLIANCE

4.1. INTEL MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND REGARDING ANY SOFTWARE 
PROVIDED HERE. ANY SOFTWARE ORIGINATING FROM INTEL OR DERIVED FROM 
INTEL SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND INTEL WILL NOT PROVIDE ANY 
SUPPORT, ASSISTANCE, INSTALLATION, TRAINING OR OTHER SERVICES. INTEL 
WILL NOT PROVIDE ANY UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS OR EXTENSIONS. INTEL 
SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, 
NONINFRINGEMENT AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

4.2. IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO LICENSEE, ITS 
LICENSEES OR ANY OTHER THIRD PARTY, FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA, 
LOSS OF USE OR COSTS OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, OR 
FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS 
AGREEMENT, UNDER ANY CAUSE OF ACTION OR THEORY OF LIABILITY, AND 
IRRESPECTIVE OF WHETHER INTEL HAS ADVANCE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF 
SUCH DAMAGES. THESE LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE 
OF THE ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY.

4.3. Licensee shall not export, either directly or indirectly, any of 
this software or system incorporating such software without first 
obtaining any required license or other approval from the U. S. 
Department of Commerce or any other agency or department of the United 
States Government. In the event Licensee exports any such software from 
the United States or re-exports any such software from a foreign 
destination, Licensee shall ensure that the distribution and 
export/re-export of the software is in compliance with all laws, 
regulations, orders, or other restrictions of the U.S. Export 
Administration Regulations. Licensee agrees that neither it nor any of 
its subsidiaries will export/re-export any technical data, process, 
software, or service, directly or indirectly, to any country for which 
the United States government or any agency thereof requires an export 
license, other governmental approval, or letter of assurance, without 
first obtaining such license, approval or letter.
@


1.1.1.1
log
@The ACPI Component Architecture (ACPICA) project provides an operating 
system (OS)-independent reference implementation of the Advanced 
Configuration and Power Interface Specification (ACPI).

ok naddy
@
text
@@
