head	1.1;
branch	1.1.1;
access;
symbols
	OPENBSD_6_1:1.1.1.1.0.4
	OPENBSD_6_1_BASE:1.1.1.1
	OPENBSD_6_0:1.1.1.1.0.2
	OPENBSD_6_0_BASE:1.1.1.1
	shadchin_20160427:1.1.1.1
	shadchin:1.1.1;
locks; strict;
comment	@# @;


1.1
date	2016.04.27.11.52.27;	author shadchin;	state Exp;
branches
	1.1.1.1;
next	;
commitid	9qSKDX93fCdz3VD5;

1.1.1.1
date	2016.04.27.11.52.27;	author shadchin;	state Exp;
branches;
next	;
commitid	9qSKDX93fCdz3VD5;


desc
@@



1.1
log
@Initial revision
@
text
@The aim of this module is to provide a common base representation of
python source code for projects such as pychecker, pyreverse, pylint.
Well, actually the development of this library is essentially governed
by pylint's needs. It used to be called logilab-astng.

It provides a compatible representation which comes from the _ast
module. It rebuilds the tree generated by the builtin _ast module by
recursively walking down the AST and building an extended ast. The new
node classes have additional methods and attributes for different
usages. They include some support for static inference and local name
scopes. Furthermore, astroid builds partial trees by inspecting living
objects.
@


1.1.1.1
log
@Import py-astroid 1.4.5, ok danj@@

The aim of this module is to provide a common base representation of
python source code for projects such as pychecker, pyreverse, pylint.
Well, actually the development of this library is essentially governed
by pylint's needs. It used to be called logilab-astng.

It provides a compatible representation which comes from the _ast
module. It rebuilds the tree generated by the builtin _ast module by
recursively walking down the AST and building an extended ast. The new
node classes have additional methods and attributes for different
usages. They include some support for static inference and local name
scopes. Furthermore, astroid builds partial trees by inspecting living
objects.
@
text
@@
